Content(missions): Hai Legacy (#8828)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/unfettered side missions.txt

> # Copyright (c) 2014 by Michael Zahniser

Reviewer: I think it would be 2023, your name/username.

Author: I would but there is  an MZ mission there too

Reviewer: Large changes mean that you can change the name, I think?

Author: ```suggestion
# Copyright (c) 2014 by Michael Zahniser for the first mission
# Copyright (c) 2023 by Hurleveur
```

Reviewer: That works.

			choice
				`	"I think it is true. The Hai who gave this tribute said they hoped the Unfettered would turn from violence and be reconciled with them."`
					goto true
				`	"I'm sorry, but I don't think they will ever let you live among them, if it is your nature to be prone to violence."`
			`	You have little experience reading Hai emotion, but the youth seems crestfallen. "You are certain?" he asks.`
			choice
				`	"I am certain. I can do nothing for you."`
					goto refuse
				`	"Perhaps you can come with me and find out, but don't get your hopes up."`
					goto end
			label true
			`	"Will you take me to Hai-home?" he asks. "You are able to be outside Unfettered places. Can I go with you?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, I will take you there."`
					goto end
				`	"Sorry, I can't risk angering the Unfettered by carrying a defector."`
			label refuse
			`	Disappointed, the youth leaves. You hope you made the right choice.`
				decline
			label end
			`	You show the youth to one of your bunk rooms, and tell him to stay hidden there until you reach Hai-home.`
				accept
	
	on visit

> 		dialog `You look for the young Hai, but realize that he took a ride on one of your escorts! Better depart and wait for your escorts to arrive in this star system.`

Reviewer: This might be fine, but it's not like dialog used elsewhere.

Author: Tell that to MZ xD I didnt do this or touch this mission

		"Hai Diamond Regenerator"
		"Hai Fissure Batteries"
		"Hai Williwaw Cooling"
		Hyperdrive
		"Ion Cannon" 3
		"Quantum Keystone"

	gun 0 -69.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun -12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun 12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	turret -36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	turret 36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	engine -36 62 0.8
	engine 36 62 0.8
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."
	description "However, this ship is very useful as an agile cargo hauler, able to defend itself in small skirmishes and bring cargo to long distances. However you suspect that it does not operate at its full potential, as if it stayed in the ocean too long... Still, this ship is clearly proof of the durability of Hai technology."

> mission "Old but not that old"

Reviewer: This should probably be the `name`, and define the mission differently.

Author: What for?
I'm still not sure on the way to define all Unfettered missions honestly but since this is a side one it doesnt really matter (also its mostly a ref ^^)

Reviewer: I think Hai Legacy sounds a little better.

mission "Young but not that young"
	landing
	description "Use the newly acquired old Ladybug to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai."
	deadline 20
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	to offer
		has "ship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0
		dialog `As you enter the system you notice something... Or, more precisely, the lack of something. It is too quiet, probably due to the fact that, for the first time, the Unfettered Hai are not shooting at you. They are not hailing you either, however. Perhaps they think you are one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo.`
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the 'associates of Hai-home', "thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment> to get you started on paying back."`
		payment 1250000

outfit "Unfettered Landing License"
	category "Licenses"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"maintenance costs" 600

> 	description "This is needed in order to land on Unfettered planet, but can be sold at any time in order to cancel the arrangement."

Reviewer: You can't sell licenses.

Author: Pretty sure you can if its been given like this

Reviewer: It will have to be tested, at least.

Author: Yeah everything will be
It could use an image as well, or maybe a nice angle on a ladybug could work

Author: I can confirm you can sell it indeed.

			label win
			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meagre daily fee of 600 credits. You will not be allowed to land like today any other time should you refuse this deal. Beware, for there are no rules, other than the fact you may only use one ship, and only one ship! Tell me then, what say you, will you take to the skies, or are you too effrayed?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you."`
					decline
			`	"Good! I will of course not be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so."`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed the mission, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds, and you will not enjoy unmerited respect any longer!"`
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic
		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Struck"

> 		ship "Lightning Bug (Tripulse)" ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		ship "Lightning Bug (Tripulse)" "Lightning"
```
This should have a name.

Author: Yeah I went with bug but didnt push the last version aparently, woops

Author: ```suggestion
		ship "Lightning Bug (Tripulse)" "Erazer"
```

		"outfit scan efficiency" 12
		"tactical scan power" 25
		"atmosphere scan" 80
		"asteroid scan power" 25
		
		weapon
			"blast radius" 100
			"shield damage" 1000
			"hull damage" 500
			"hit force" 1500
	outfits
		`"Biroo" Atomic Steering`
		`"Biroo" Atomic Thruster`
		"Boulder Reactor"
		"Bullfrog Anti-Missile" 2
		"Cargo Expansion" 2
		"Hai Diamond Regenerator"
		"Hai Fissure Batteries"
		"Hai Williwaw Cooling"
		Hyperdrive
		"Ion Cannon" 3
		"Quantum Keystone"

	gun 0 -69.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun -12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun 12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	turret -36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	turret 36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	engine -36 62 0.8
	engine 36 62 0.8
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."

> 	description "However, this ship is very useful as an agile cargo hauler, able to defend itself in small skirmishes and bring cargo to long distances. However you suspect that it does not operate at its full potential, as if it stayed in the ocean too long... Still, this ship is clearly proof of the durability of Hai technology."

Reviewer 2: This second paragraph is wholly mew, yes?

Author: new you mean? yes ^^
probably needs some work

Author: I tried to salvage it a bit

			choice
				`	"Yes, I will take you there."`
					goto end
				`	"Sorry, I can't risk angering the Unfettered by carrying a defector."`
			label refuse
			`	Disappointed, the youth leaves. You hope you made the right choice.`
				decline
			label end
			`	You show the youth to one of your bunk rooms, and tell him to stay hidden there until you reach Hai-home.`
				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog `You look for the young Hai, but realize that he took a ride on one of your escorts! Better depart and wait for your escorts to arrive in this star system.`
	on complete
		payment 100000
		dialog
			`You need not have worried about the reception the Unfettered youth would receive here on Hai-home. Scarcely minutes after you hesitantly contact the Hai government, a happy crowd has gathered around your ship. When he steps out of the hatchway, he looks stunned at being welcomed so warmly. One of the Hai governors thanks you for transporting him, and pays you <payment>.`
		"reputation: Hai" += 10
		"reputation: Hai (Wormhole Access)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Human)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Sympathizers)" += 10

> ship "Ancient Ladybug"

Author: I put it here because it's a one of a kind mission ship, the same is done with the Geodesync Geocoris

> ship "Ancient Ladybug"

Reviewer: Yeah, I saw that but thought it was something to mention.

> 	swizzle 0

Author: not really: it has Hai colors, not Unfettered; of the great time of the empire
you're the same color as the sympathizers

> 	swizzle 0

Reviewer: OK

		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to overtake a swarm of Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory."

mission "Unfettered Landing License Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "outfit (all): Unfettered Landing License"
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
	on offer
		dialog "As you land the Unfettered immediately notice you do not have your license anymore. They warn you that this is your last chance, but you may have another one if you accept a fine of 2.5 million credits."
	on accept
		fail "Unfettered Landing License Lost"
		outfit "Unfettered Landing License"
		fine 2500000
		log "Lost the landing license that the Unfettered provided but they were kind enough to provide another one for a loss fine of 2.5 million credits."
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1
		log "Lost the landing license that the Unfettered provided."

mission "License Irrelevant"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
	on offer
		outfit "Unfettered Landing License" -1
		# it will now become free of upkeep

> 		set "license: Unfettered Landing"

Reviewer: Does this make a difference?

Reviewer: If this doesn't work, maybe you could have a different outfit with the same name (`display name`), free-of-charge?

Author: I differentiated it fully and now give the license anyway when you give a JD

			choice
				`	"Yes, I will take you there."`
					goto end
				`	"Sorry, I can't risk angering the Unfettered by carrying a defector."`
			label refuse
			`	Disappointed, the youth leaves. You hope you made the right choice.`
				decline
			label end
			`	You show the youth to one of your bunk rooms, and tell him to stay hidden there until you reach Hai-home.`
				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog `You look for the young Hai, but realize that he took a ride on one of your escorts! Better depart and wait for your escorts to arrive in this star system.`
	on complete
		payment 100000
		dialog
			`You need not have worried about the reception the Unfettered youth would receive here on Hai-home. Scarcely minutes after you hesitantly contact the Hai government, a happy crowd has gathered around your ship. When he steps out of the hatchway, he looks stunned at being welcomed so warmly. One of the Hai governors thanks you for transporting him, and pays you <payment>.`
		"reputation: Hai" += 10
		"reputation: Hai (Wormhole Access)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Human)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Sympathizers)" += 10

> ship "Ancient Ladybug"

Reviewer: Should this be a variant, or is the name important?

Author: It has to be its own ship to be differentiated for missions etc because variants still count as the ship they derive from

		"outfit scan efficiency" 12
		"tactical scan power" 25
		"atmosphere scan" 80
		"asteroid scan power" 25
		
		weapon
			"blast radius" 100
			"shield damage" 1000
			"hull damage" 500
			"hit force" 1500
	outfits
		`"Biroo" Atomic Steering`
		`"Biroo" Atomic Thruster`
		"Boulder Reactor"
		"Bullfrog Anti-Missile" 2
		"Cargo Expansion" 2
		"Hai Diamond Regenerator"
		"Hai Fissure Batteries"
		"Hai Williwaw Cooling"
		Hyperdrive
		"Ion Cannon" 3
		"Quantum Keystone"

	gun 0 -69.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun -12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun 12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	turret -36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	turret 36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	engine -36 62 0.8
	engine 36 62 0.8
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."

> 	description "However, this ship is very useful as an agile cargo hauler, able to defend itself in small skirmishes and bring cargo across long distances. Besides that, you suspect that it does not operate at its full potential, as if it stayed underwater for some time... Still, this ship is clearly proof of the durability of Hai technology."

Author: changed it a bit

			`	"A shame, this probably means we will not meet again," they say, before leaving, as discreetly as they came.`
				decline
			label take
			action
				give ship "Ancient Ladybug" "Good Omen"
				fine 6500000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for a old Hai ship, a Ladybug, that seems to still be in good functioning state."
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go trough official means for this, we will have to present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "Oh, and you should not change its colors, you'll understand why later."`
				accept

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	shipyard
	landing
	name "Young but not that young"
	description "Use the newly acquired old Ladybug to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai."
	clearance
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	destination "Firelode"

> 	blocked "You need space for the agreed rush cargo of food to Unfettered space, and most use it as your flagship."

Author: Not for this mission but the one after it

> 	blocked "You need space for the agreed rush cargo of food to Unfettered space, and most use it as your flagship."

Author: It is not very clear either I think I need to adjust this

	to offer
		has "ship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on enter

> 		dialog `As you take of from the planet you notice a message was left on the bridge, probably from the 'associates'. "You should use the Ladybug as your flagship and you should probably not bring any other ships. You'll understand why later." It occurs to you that you could also modify the ship.`

Author: I just want to inform the playr that they probably should change the ship layout if they have better tech
The fight later could be hard otherwise, or even very hard if you annoyed the unfettered a bunch before it

	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0

> 		dialog `As you enter the system you notice something... Or, more precisely, the lack of something. It is too quiet, probably due to the fact that, for the first time, the Unfettered Hai are not shooting at you. They are not hailing you either, however. Perhaps they think you are one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo.`

Author: Yeah sometimes when I write smth it is x)

> 		dialog `As you enter the system you notice something... Or, more precisely, the lack of something. It is too quiet, probably due to the fact that, for the first time, the Unfettered Hai are not shooting at you. They are not hailing you either, however. Perhaps they think you are one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo.`

Author: I changed it

				`	"I have nothing to prove to you."`
					decline
			`	"Good! I will of course not be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. What seems to be their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" Another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." Says a third.`
			label scare
			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, this is not a friendly competition between allies. As far as I am concerned you are an enemy. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn this ship, and more, but make no mistakes: it has only one rule, and that is that nobody else than us may interfere."`
			`	"Although sometimes the rules can bend a little. But you certainly did not earn that privilege."`
				to display

> 					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1500

Author: It starts at -1000 and each sb captured downs it by 100

> 					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1500

Author: added a comment here too, and it was changed to -2000 since to not punish players too much either
the idea here is that this fixes rep but if you been naughty it's harder to fix it, and ofc you have to pay for it

					goto next
				`	"What are they talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people."`
			label next
			`	"Anyway I must congratulate you, I never expected you had it in you. That said, I only have one word and will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition!"`
			`	"Make sure you do not lose this until you permanently deserve the right to call us friends, or we will take it very seriously. Oh, and we added taxes to the daily fee, I hope you don't mind."`
		outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to overtake a swarm of Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory."

mission "Unfettered Landing Permit Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "outfit (all): Unfettered Landing Permit"
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
	on offer
		dialog "As you land the Unfettered tell you they have learned of the loss of the Ladybug, thereby ending your landing access and friendly relations with them until you give them a Jump Drive."

> 		log "Lost the Ancient Ladybug and friendly access to Unfettered space with it."

Author: The mission to give you the license requires it as your fagship, so that outfit will be there

> 		log "Lost the Ancient Ladybug and friendly access to Unfettered space with it."

Author: just added a comment to explain it

	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."
	description "This ship is now appropriate as an agile, long distance, cargo hauler and blockade runner. It is able to defend itself in small skirmishes, even though you suspect that it does not operate at its full potential, as if it stayed underwater for some time... The simple fact that it is still running at all after so many years is clearly proof of the durability of Hai technology."

mission "Hai Legacy 1"
	invisible
	landing
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		not "event: hai ladybug available"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you enter the shipyard you quickly get approached by someone wearing a hood, apparently not too keen to reveal their identity. They come to address you, discreetly. Seeing you stop to listen, they take your arm and make you follow them. "Keep walking," they say, quickly taking a look around the way someone looking for a new ship would, before addressing you again. "Me and my associates have a business proposition for you, if you are interested to learn more about it go to these coordinates." They give you a piece of paper containing the location, on a beach almost on the other side of the planet with an instruction to not go with you ship, before quickly fade in the crowd. Will you go there?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the shipyard you quickly get approached by someone wearing a hood, apparently not too keen to reveal their identity. They come to address you, discreetly. Seeing you stop to listen, they take your arm and make you follow them. "Keep walking," they say, quickly taking a look around the way someone looking for a new ship would, before addressing you again. "My associates and I have a business proposition for you, if you are interested to learn more about it go to these coordinates." They give you a piece of paper containing the location, on a beach almost on the other side of the planet with an instruction to not go with you ship, before quickly fade in the crowd. Will you go there?`
```

		dialog `As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo trough, but, surprisingly, it is very quiet this time.`
			`	Indeed, for the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at, potentially by missiles all sides.`
			`	They are not hailing you either. Perhaps they think you are one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo and the ship you are flying.`
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are not clearly happy when you tell them about this. "You will have to prove yourself another way."`
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the 'associates of Hai-home', "thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment> to get you started on paying back."`
		payment 100000
		log "Delivered a pressing food cargo to the Unfettered using a newly acquired but pretty old Ladybug. They seem to not be firing on me, for now at least."

# no category, meaning you can't remove it from the Ladybug
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 681

> 	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

Reviewer: What value does the description have? You don't see it.

(If you wanted the license to be visible you could add a variable like `shiplocked` or something you you can't remove it but can see it.)

Reviewer: I see. (Or rather, I don't because it's only readable if you look at this file!) Thanks for the explanation!

mission "Hai Legacy 3"

> 	name "Unfettered Relic of old"

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the intention was for the name, but it's a little odd.
```suggestion
	name "Relic of old"
```
or (the "of old" is a little awkward here though)
```suggestion
	name "Unfettered relic of old"
```
or
```suggestion
	name "Unfettered Relic"
```

Author: ```suggestion
	name "Relic of a long lost era"
```
small ref here whilst we're at it

Reviewer: Sounds much better.

	landing
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land and get out of your ship you quickly notice you have attracted a lot of attention, probably due to this old design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmed than usual. "Welcome. I do not know how you have obtained this ship, and some will probably see it as a sign. As you may know it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of."`
			`	"In truth, I do not personally care about all of that. All I care about is that this ship is old, and has technology that would be very valuable because of how rare it is. Thus, I challenge you for it!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I did not deserve this ship."`
			label win
			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meagre daily fee of 500 credits. You will not be allowed to land so easily as recently should you refuse this deal. Furthermore, this Ancient Ladybug may not be destroyed or sold.`

> 			`	"Beware, for there are no rules, other than the fact you may only use one ship, and only one ship! Tell me then, what say you, will you take to the skies, or are you too effrayed?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Beware, for there are no rules, other than the fact you may only use one ship, and only one ship! Tell me then, what say you, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
```

			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. What seems to be their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" Another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." Says a third.`
			label scare
			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, this is not a friendly competition between allies. As far as I am concerned you are an enemy. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn this ship, and more, but make no mistakes: it has only one rule, and that is that nobody else than us may interfere. And do not even think about bringing more than this Ladybug as a flagship or we will not bother showing up!"`
			# this is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles
			# (but in reality with disabling a lot of ships it goes faster than that)

> 			`	"Although sometimes the rules can bend a little. But you certainly did not earn that privilege."`

Reviewer: This doesn't flow very well with the more-than-Ladybug sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"Sometimes the rules can bend a little. But you certainly did not earn that privilege."`
```
like this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Sometimes the rules can be bent a little. But you certainly did not earn that privilege."`
```
A little more like this, I think.

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient, "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships to get the initiative. The engineer utters a word to you once they are far enough away, "I want this done as quickly as possible, do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, make sure I do not regret it. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begon the launching procedures, and launch as soon as you can.`
> 				launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient, "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships to get the initiative. The engineer utters a word to you once they are far enough away, "I want this done as quickly as possible, do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, make sure I do not regret it. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures, and launch as soon as you can. (Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ladybug)`
				accept
```
You could have a fleet that launches with you, therefore failing the mission before you can park them. (Plus a typo)

	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed the mission, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds, and you will not enjoy unmerited respect any longer!"`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
		to despawn

> 			"total ships" != 1

Reviewer: I'm not sure, but this might mean that they will not be counted (checked if they are disabled or not) if you bring your skylance Bactrian (doesn't everyone have one of those? 😃) into the fight

Author: you cant win if they disapear since you need the condition that's set when they are disabled

Reviewer: Oh, that's why it's there. Thanks!

		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables
		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Erazer"
		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"
		dialog "You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: they surrender. They will not wait on the planet forever, however, so you need to land on this day to claim the rewards."
		on disable

> 			set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"

Reviewer: Why is this needed? You already have to disable them to complete (`npc disable`)..

Author: to make sure you dont win because they dont spawn

Reviewer: Thanks!

Author: I just checked I cant just have `set X` I need it in the on disable

	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn

> 			has "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

Reviewer: Where is this set?

Author: line 206

Reviewer: Thanks!

			"total ships" == 1
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained entering plunders staying target heroic
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"
		on disable
			set "unfettred: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"
		personality launching staying surveillance
		on kill
			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
	on visit
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight."
	to complete

> 		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
```
See above.

		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		conversation
			`The engineer seems shocked at first. "You really... won? It really was close until the end, wasn't it? Or did the captains already make stories for themselves?"`
			choice
				`	"Indeed, but it was fun."`
					goto next

> 				`	"What are they talking about? This was easy!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
```

	destination "Hai-home"
	clearance
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Tribute 3: done"
		random < 40
	on offer
		conversation
			`During the night, you hear a gentle scratching sound on your ship's main hatch. Do you investigate?`
			choice
				`	(Yes.)`
				`	(No.)`
					defer
			`	You grab a flashlight and open the hatch, and find a juvenile Hai there, with a large satchel slung over his shoulder. "You are the <first> <last>, yes?" he says. You nod. He says, "Is it true what is written here?"`
			`	In his hands he is holding a piece of foil paper. You recognize it as the wrapper from one of the food rations that you have been transporting to the Unfettered, the "tribute" that they demand from the peaceful Hai. But having never unwrapped one of the rations, you had not realized that there is writing on the inside, a few words in the angular alphabet of the Hai. The Unfettered youth sees your look of confusion, and translates the message. "It says, 'Hai-home is your home too. Rejoin your people.'"`
			choice
				`	"I think it is true. The Hai who gave this tribute said they hoped the Unfettered would turn from violence and be reconciled with them."`
					goto true

> 				`	"I'm sorry, but I don't think they will ever let you live among them, if it is your nature to be prone to violence."`

Author: I did not write this

> 				`	"I'm sorry, but I don't think they will ever let you live among them, if it is your nature to be prone to violence."`

Reviewer 3: ~~Man, some of the alien stuff really was half-assed.~~

				accept
	
	on visit
		dialog `You look for the young Hai, but realize that he took a ride on one of your escorts! Better depart and wait for your escorts to arrive in this star system.`
	on complete
		payment 100000
		dialog
			`You need not have worried about the reception the Unfettered youth would receive here on Hai-home. Scarcely minutes after you hesitantly contact the Hai government, a happy crowd has gathered around your ship. When he steps out of the hatchway, he looks stunned at being welcomed so warmly. One of the Hai governors thanks you for transporting him, and pays you <payment>.`
		"reputation: Hai" += 10
		"reputation: Hai (Wormhole Access)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Human)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Sympathizers)" += 10

ship "Ancient Ladybug"
	swizzle 0
	sprite "ship/hai ladybug"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/hai ladybug"
	attributes
		category "Medium Warship"
		"cost" 8950000
		"shields" 12000
		"hull" 3300
		"required crew" 11
		"bunks" 33
		"mass" 300
		"drag" 5.5
		"heat dissipation" .85
		"fuel capacity" 900
		"cargo space" 91
		"outfit space" 460
		"weapon capacity" 170
		"engine capacity" 120

> 		# Expensive features mentioned in description, nerfed:

Author: Because it was in the bottom in the ocean, but mostly for balace reason, although I can un-nerf it for sure

> 		"ramscoop" 0.2

Author: ```suggestion
		"threshold percentage" 0.4
		"ramscoop" 0.2
```

		"Hai Williwaw Cooling"
		Hyperdrive
		"Ion Cannon" 3
		"Quantum Keystone"

	gun 0 -69.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun -12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	gun 12 -68.5 "Ion Cannon"
	turret -36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	turret 36 3 "Bullfrog Anti-Missile"
	engine -36 62 0.8
	engine 36 62 0.8
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."
	description "This ship is now appropriate as an agile, long distance, cargo hauler and blockade runner. It is able to defend itself in small skirmishes, even though you suspect that it does not operate at its full potential, as if it stayed underwater for some time... The simple fact that it is still running at all after so many years is clearly proof of the durability of Hai technology."

> mission "Hai Legacy 1"

Author: ~~I dont see what you are talking about but i may have been too excited to write this mission~~

> mission "Hai Legacy 1"

Author: I'll get on rewriting stuff in 4 days once I am back on my computer

	invisible
	landing
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		not "event: hai ladybug available"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you enter the shipyard you quickly get approached by someone wearing a hood, apparently not too keen to reveal their identity. They come to address you, discreetly. Seeing you stop to listen, they take your arm and make you follow them. "Keep walking," they say, quickly taking a look around the way someone looking for a new ship would, before addressing you again. "My associates and I have a business proposition for you, if you are interested to learn more about it go to these coordinates." They give you a piece of paper containing the location, a beach almost on the other side of the planet with an instruction to not go with your ship, before quickly fading into the crowd. Will you go there?`
			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer

> 			`	You proceed to hire a motorized antigrav vehicle to go there, and arrive around sunset. You set foot after double checking you are indeed at the right coordinates, for except a cave, vegetation, sand, and, of course, the beach, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity in the dimming light. You can't help but keep your hand close to your gun, feeling safer with its presence.`

Reviewer 3: I'll second Tibe's comments on the writing, but also here; if this is on Hai-home it'd make much more sense that you'd get on a train or something. You almost certainly don't have a license to operate a Hai vehicle according to Hai road rules.

If it's problematic for you to be seen asking how to buy a ticket, then maybe they should just give you one.

Author: Good point

Author: ```suggestion
			`	As you ponder how to make your way to the rendez-vous point, you notice a conveniant train ticket in your pocket, with instructions on how to find your way to the destination. You proceed to take it and arrive around sunset without any complications, even though it took a lot of walking to get there. You look around you, double checking you are indeed at the right coordinates, for except a cave, vegetation, sand, and, of course, the beach, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity in the dimming light. You can't help but keep your hand close to your gun, feeling safer with its presence.`
```

> 			`	You proceed to hire a motorized antigrav vehicle to go there, and by the time you arrive it has started to get dark. You set foot after double checking you are indeed at the right coordinates, for except a cave, vegetation, sand, and, of course, the beach, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity. You can't help but put your hand close to your gun, feeling safer with its presence.`

Author: Idk much about lore, probably not ~~I'm making it lore alright~~

			`	After waiting for what seems like an eternity you start to hear whispering, and two hooded figures approach you. You start to doubt whether or not this was a good idea but it is probably too late to back down now. They come to address you, their face hidden by the now almost total obscurity. "Hello, <last>," they say at the same time, almost in a comical way, removing some of the tension you felt until now. Then they look at each other, nod, and one of them addresses you in a more serious mood. "We are sorry for all of these complications, but the truth is we cannot afford to take risks. It has been some time since we stopped trying to understand, and started taking every precaution we could to be safe. You see, we simply do not know you, and neither do you us."`
			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto tellme

> 				`	"How do you know me?"`

Author: They mean as an individual but yeah ur right xD

					goto know
				`	(Run away).`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you. You proceed to take the antigrav back to the shipyard without any incidents.`
				decline
			label know

> 			`	They grin, "Us knowing you is a necessity for you to land on our homeworld."`

Reviewer 3: It's a bit odd to imply that this shadowy cabal of sympathizers control landing rights.

Author: That is not what I meant; you need reputation to land here, meaning you need to do jobs or attack the uhai
In both cases they'd know

			scene "thumbnail/hai ladybug"
			`	"Of course, it has some... drawbacks, compared to its golden time, and don't expect the best price in a shipyard either. Nevertheless it is a fine vessel, capable of safely taking a respectable amount of cargo across large distances! So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime, as they simply don't make ships like these anymore!"`
			choice
				`	"I will take this deal."`
					goto take
				`	"I have no interest in this deal."`
			`	"A shame, this probably means we will not meet again," they say, before leaving, as discreetly as they came.`
				decline
			label take
			action
				give ship "Ancient Ladybug" "Good Omen"
				fine 6500000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, a Ladybug, that seems to still be in good functioning state."
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go trough official means for this, we will have to present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`

> 			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "Oh, and you should not change its colors, you'll understand why later. Also make sure you go to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded on your ship!"`

Reviewer 4: > Oh, and you should not change its colors, you'll understand why later.

Could use a bit more work.

> 			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "Oh, and you should not change its colors, you'll understand why later. Also make sure you go to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded on your ship!"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "Oh, and you should not change its colors, you'll understand why later. Also make sure you go to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship!"`
```

				accept

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing

> 	name "Young but not that young"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	name "Old but new"
```

Not sure about my suggestion either.

Author: Its a reference to a song

	description "Use the newly acquired old Ladybug to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai, as your flagship."
	clearance
	# deadline to make sure you don't just enjoy free rep
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	blocked "You need space for the agreed rush cargo of food to Unfettered space on the Ancient Ladybug, and should use it as flagship, preferably as your only ship."
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
	to accept
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"

> 	on enter

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	on offer
```

		dialog

> 			`Going into the spaceport one could say the cargo finds you more than you found it: a worker comes to you with crates, which are already allocated in your name for this ship. All that is left to do is to bring it to destination for the big promised sum of <payment>.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Going into the spaceport one could say the cargo finds you more than you found it: a worker comes to you with crates, which are already allocated in your name for this ship. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> for the big promised sum of <payment>.`
```

	on enter
		dialog `As you take of from the planet you notice a message was left on the bridge, probably from the "associates". "You should use the Ladybug as your flagship and you should probably not bring any other ships. You'll understand why later."`
			`	Given the dangers of Unfettered space, you figure it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design, and maybe to modify it.`
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure this works with `on enter` - it's also got no stipulation for flying with only the flag ship actually included which makes the text a little incongruous. I know it says it's only a preference, but it could be presented better.

Author: I think I'll force it being flagship only from the mission before, previously I couldnt really bc the mission had to trigger, whereas now its a choice

Author: I added that branch

	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are not clearly happy when you tell them about this. "You will have to prove yourself another way."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Ancient Ladybug, some of the cargo was on another ship, or you are not using it as your flagship.`
	to complete
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the 'associates of Hai-home', "thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment> to get you started on paying back."`
		payment 100000
		log "Delivered a pressing food cargo to the Unfettered using a newly acquired but pretty old Ladybug. They seem to not be firing on me, for now at least."

# no category, meaning you can't remove it from the Ladybug
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 681
	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	name "Relic of a long lost era"

> 	description "Beat the Lighting Bugs in a merciless fight. You only have one day."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in a merciless fight. You only have one day."
```

	landing
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you land and get out of your ship you quickly notice you have attracted a lot of attention, probably due to this old design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual. "Welcome. I do not know how you have obtained this ship, and some will probably see it as a sign. As you may know it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`As you land and get out of your ship, you quickly notice you have attracted a lot of attention, probably due to this old design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual. "Welcome. I do not know how you have obtained this ship, and some will probably see it as a sign. As you may know it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of."`
```

This could use some rephrasing.

> 			`	"In truth, I do not personally care about all of that. All I care about is that this ship is old, and has technology that would be very valuable because of how rare it is. Thus, I challenge you for it!"`

Reviewer 4: This too.

			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`

> 			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I did not deserve this ship."`

Reviewer 3: This premise could use improving -> if they win you are likely dead, which will make acquiring the technology on the ship rather difficult. I recommend a different excuse for this fight.

Author: Well their ship is present to monitor it
Mb they need to prove their worth as they are starting captain? True reason is they'd capture the ship but I cant do that rn

Author: I also did not want to trouble the player with not killing them

			label win
			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meagre daily fee of 500 credits. You will not be allowed to land so easily as recently should you refuse this deal. Furthermore, this Ancient Ladybug may not be destroyed or sold.`
			`	"Beware, for there are no rules, other than the fact you may only use one ship, and only one ship! Tell me then, what say you, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you."`
					decline
			`	"Good! I will of course not be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`

> 			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. What seems to be their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`

Reviewer 4: > What seems to be their leader approaches you.

_What_ seems to be their leader?

```suggestion
			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
```

			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" Another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." Says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, this is not a friendly competition between allies. As far as I am concerned you are an enemy. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn this ship, and more, but make no mistakes: it has only one rule, and that is that nobody else than us may interfere. And do not even think about bringing more than this Ladybug as a flagship or we will not bother showing up!"`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, this is not a friendly competition between allies. As far as I am concerned, you are an enemy. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn this ship, and more, but make no mistakes: it has only one rule, and that is that nobody else than us may interfere. And do not even think about bringing more than this Ladybug as a flagship or we will not bother showing up!"`
```

			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ladybug. The fight will not be valid otherwise.)`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed the mission, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds, and you will not enjoy unmerited respect any longer!"`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables
		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Erazer"
		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"

> 		dialog "You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: they surrender. They will not wait on the planet forever, however, so you need to land on this day to claim the rewards."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		dialog "You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: they surrender. They will not wait on the planet forever, however, so you need to land today to claim the rewards."
```
Or maybe just `now`.

	on complete
		payment 100000
		dialog
			`You need not have worried about the reception the Unfettered youth would receive here on Hai-home. Scarcely minutes after you hesitantly contact the Hai government, a happy crowd has gathered around your ship. When he steps out of the hatchway, he looks stunned at being welcomed so warmly. One of the Hai governors thanks you for transporting him, and pays you <payment>.`
		"reputation: Hai" += 10
		"reputation: Hai (Wormhole Access)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Human)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Sympathizers)" += 10

ship "Ancient Ladybug"
	swizzle 0
	sprite "ship/hai ladybug"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/hai ladybug"
	attributes
		category "Medium Warship"
		"cost" 8950000
		"shields" 12300
		"hull" 3600
		"required crew" 11
		"bunks" 33
		"mass" 280
		"drag" 5.4
		"heat dissipation" .85
		"fuel capacity" 900
		"cargo space" 91
		"outfit space" 460
		"weapon capacity" 170
		"engine capacity" 120
		# Default due to the ship' sea time, that Unfettered know about

> 		"treshold percentage" 0.4

Author: ```suggestion
		"threshold percentage" 0.4
```

	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."
	description "This ship is now appropriate as an agile, long distance, cargo hauler and blockade runner. It is able to defend itself in small skirmishes, even though you suspect that it does not operate at its full potential, as if it stayed underwater for some time... The simple fact that it is still running at all after so many years is clearly proof of the durability of Hai technology."

mission "Hai Legacy 1"
	invisible
	landing
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		not "event: hai ladybug available"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you enter the shipyard you quickly get approached by someone wearing a hood, apparently not too keen to reveal their identity. They come to address you, discreetly. Seeing you stop to listen, they take your arm and make you follow them. "Keep walking," they say, quickly taking a look around the way someone looking for a new ship would, before addressing you again. "My associates and I have a business proposition for you, if you are interested to learn more about it go to these coordinates." They give you a piece of paper containing the location, on a beach almost on the other side of the planet with an instruction to not go with you ship, before quickly fade in the crowd. Will you go there?`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the shipyard you quickly get approached by someone wearing a hood, apparently not too keen to reveal their identity. They come to address you, discreetly. Seeing you stop to listen, they take your arm and make you follow them. "Keep walking," they say, quickly taking a look around the way someone looking for a new ship would, before addressing you again. "My associates and I have a business proposition for you, if you are interested to learn more about it go to these coordinates." They give you a piece of paper containing the location, on a beach almost on the other side of the planet with an instruction to not go with your ship, before quickly fading into the crowd. Will you go there?`
```

			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer

> 			`	You proceed to hire a motorized antigrav vehicle to go there, and by the time you arrive it starts being dark. You set foot after double checking you are indeed at the right coordinates, for except a cave, vegetation, sand, and, of course, the beach, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity. You can't help but put your hand close to your gun, feeling safer with its presence.`

Reviewer: > Alternatively, "is starting to get dark", or "has started to get dark" would also work.

I'd say one of those options.

> 			`	You proceed to hire a motorized antigrav vehicle to go there, and by the time you arrive it starts being dark. You set foot after double checking you are indeed at the right coordinates, for except a cave, vegetation, sand, and, of course, the beach, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity. You can't help but put your hand close to your gun, feeling safer with its presence.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	You proceed to hire a motorized antigrav vehicle to go there, and by the time you arrive it has started to get dark. You set foot after double checking you are indeed at the right coordinates, for except a cave, vegetation, sand, and, of course, the beach, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity. You can't help but put your hand close to your gun, feeling safer with its presence.`
```
One of those two it is then

> 			`	As you ponder how to make your way to the rendez-vous point, you notice a conveniant train ticket in your pocket, with instructions on how to find your way to the destination. You proceed to take the train, walking for hours to get the rest of the way there, and arrive around sunset without any complications.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	As you ponder how to make your way to the rendez-vous point, you notice a convenient train ticket in your pocket, with instructions on how to find your way to the destination. You proceed to take the train, walking for hours to get the rest of the way there, and arrive around sunset without any complications.`
```

> 			`	After waiting for what seems like an eternity you start to hear whisper, and two hooded figures approach you. You start to doubt whether or not this was a good idea but it is probably too late to back down now. They come to address you, their face hidden by the now almost total obscurity. "Hello, <last>," they say at the same time, almost in a comical way, removing some of the tension you felt until now. Then they look at each other, nod, and one of them addresses you in a more serious mood. "We are sorry for all of these complications, but the truth is we cannot afford to take risks. It has been some time since we stopped trying to understand, and started taking every precaution we could to be safe. You see, we simply do not know you, and neither do you us."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	After waiting for what seems like an eternity you start to hear whispering, and two hooded figures approach you. You start to doubt whether or not this was a good idea but it is probably too late to back down now. They come to address you, their face hidden by the now almost total obscurity. "Hello, <last>," they say at the same time, almost in a comical way, removing some of the tension you felt until now. Then they look at each other, nod, and one of them addresses you in a more serious mood. "We are sorry for all of these complications, but the truth is we cannot afford to take risks. It has been some time since we stopped trying to understand, and started taking every precaution we could to be safe. You see, we simply do not know you, and neither do you us."`
```

			`	"We have a very interesting proposition for you: should you agree to bring supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will offer you a ship, for a modest price of 6.5 million credits. This is a very useful ship, and you should be able to repay this quite easily by running more of the same kind of jobs. It is indeed appropriate for bringing this important food cargo safely to destination, and even defend yourself, if need be. You see, these supplies are needed on short notice, on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them."`
			`	They take you into the cave, finally showing the ship they were referring to. "This is a mighty relic of the past, from the times our Empire used to control the stars; a Ladybug!`
			scene "thumbnail/hai ladybug"
			`	"Of course, it has some... drawbacks, compared to its golden time, and don't expect the best price in a shipyard either. Nevertheless it is a fine vessel, capable of safely taking a respectable amount of cargo across large distances! So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime, as they simply don't make ships like these anymore!"`
			choice
				`	"I will take this deal."`
					goto take

> 				`	"I am not interest in this deal."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
				`	"I am not interested in this deal."`
```

Reviewer: Could also be `"I have no interest in this deal."`

Author: I like that one more
```suggestion
				`	"I have no interest in this deal."`
```

			`	"A shame, this probably means we will not meet again," they say, before leaving, as discreetly as they came.`
				decline
			label take
			action
				give ship "Ancient Ladybug" "Good Omen"
				fine 6500000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, a Ladybug, that seems to still be in good functioning state."
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go trough official means for this, we will have to present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "Oh, and you should not change its colors, you'll understand why later."`
				accept

> # This mission should trigger right after the one above.

Reviewer 5: I had to take off and land again to pick this one up.

Author: Damn, I did some to accept stuff hoping u wouldnt
I'll instead make it happen as you exit the shipyard ig

	clearance
	# deadline to make sure you don't just enjoy free rep
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	blocked "You need space for the agreed rush cargo of food to Unfettered space on the Ancient Ladybug, and should use it as flagship."
	# same condition set as the one above so it is in the offering queue until you get that ladybug
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		not "event: hai ladybug available"
	to accept
		has "ship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on enter
		dialog `As you take of from the planet you notice a message was left on the bridge, probably from the "associates". "You should use the Ladybug as your flagship and you should probably not bring any other ships. You'll understand why later."`
			`	Given the dangers of Unfettered space, you figure it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design, and maybe to modify it.`
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0

> 		dialog `As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo trough, but, surprisingly, it is very quiet this time.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
		dialog `As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but, surprisingly, it is very quiet this time.`
```

	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Ancient Ladybug, some of the cargo was on another ship, or you are not using it as your flagship.`
	to complete
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the 'associates of Hai-home', "thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment> to get you started on paying back."`
		payment 100000
		log "Delivered a pressing food cargo to the Unfettered using a newly acquired but pretty old Ladybug. They seem to not be firing on me, for now at least."

# no category, meaning you can't remove it from the Ladybug
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 681
	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	name "Relic of a long lost era"
	description "Beat the Lighting Bugs in a merciless fight. You only have one day."
	landing
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you land and get out of your ship you quickly notice you have attracted a lot of attention, probably due to this old design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmed than usual. "Welcome. I do not know how you have obtained this ship, and some will probably see it as a sign. As you may know it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`As you land and get out of your ship you quickly notice you have attracted a lot of attention, probably due to this old design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual. "Welcome. I do not know how you have obtained this ship, and some will probably see it as a sign. As you may know it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of."`
```

			`	"A shame. We will probably not meet again," they say, before going on the ship and putting it back in the ocean.`
				goto trainback
			label take
			action
				give ship "Ancient Ladybug" "Good Omen"
				fine 6500000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, a Ladybug, that seems to still be in good functioning state."
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go trough official means for this, we will have to present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "I would advise against repainting the ship, you will understand why later. Also make sure you go to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship!"`
				accept
			label dumb
			`	You get your weapon out and proceed to shoot on the ship.`
			branch lucky?
				random < 2
			branch lucky??
				random < 40

> 			`	You shoot the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in this state. The ship's speakers then turn up. "MY TURN!"`

Reviewer: Turn is used twice, not sure how it could be better, though.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	You shoot the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in this state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost breaking your ears with their volume. "MY TURN!"`
```
?

Reviewer: Yes!

	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are not clearly happy when they somehow find out you did not get the cargo there in time. "You will have to prove yourself another way."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Ancient Ladybug, some of the cargo was on another ship, or you are not using the Ladybug as your flagship. You should park your fleet and only use the Ancient Ladybug.`
	to complete
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the 'associates of Hai-home', "thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment> to get you started on paying back."`
		payment 1000000
		log "Delivered a pressing food cargo to the Unfettered using a newly acquired but rather old Ladybug. They seem to not be firing on me, for now at least."

# no category, meaning you can't remove it from the Ladybug
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 681
	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

> 	description "You should not see this."

Reviewer: Are there other outfits that say this? I'm only used to it in plugins.
```suggestion
```

			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" Another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." Says a third.`
			label scare
			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, that this is not a friendly competition between allies. As far as I am concerned, you are an enemy. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn this ship, and more, but make no mistakes: it has only two rules: nobody else than us may interfere, and being disabled results in losing the fight. And do not even think about bringing more than this Ladybug as a flagship or we will not bother showing up!"`
			# this is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles
			# (but in reality with disabling a lot of ships it goes faster than that)

> 			`	"Sometimes the rules can be bent a little. But you certainly did not earn that privilege."`

Reviewer: I find this a strange shift in his tone of voice and it's a little awkward.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"We sometimes will bend the rules for friends, but that is not your case," they say with a look that gives you the chills, before leaving.`
```
smth like this?

Author: Well it's supposed to be a tone switch, but I'm open to suggestions
This is a dark warning

Reviewer: I guess, so it would be fine if. (though I think `for our friends` is better with the "our")

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient, "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships to get the initiative. The engineer utters a word to you once they are far enough away, "I want this done by the end of the day, do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, make sure I do not regret it. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures, and launch as soon as you can.`
			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ancient Ladybug.)`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		dialog `The enemy ships hail you, "You have failed the challenge, we will take the technology we want when you land, and have already arranged to sell you replacements for it, for this fine of <fine>."`

> 		fine 1500000

Reviewer: Maybe wait until your ship taking PR (#6484) is merged and then take the Ladybug?

Author: yeah that's totally what I was planning to do, but it works like this in the meantime, and the dialog sort of makes sense with it
I'll update this mission whenever that one is merged, we'll see which one goes in first

Author: done!

	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000

> 		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed the mission, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`

Author: it pops up when you land, I cant do anything about it
the on disabled pops instantly though I think

> 		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed the mission, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`

Reviewer: What about a `lost duel` condition and a `to display` tag?

		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"
		personality launching staying surveillance
		on kill
			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
	on visit
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight, load a save and try again if you want to finish this mission."
	to complete
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		conversation
			`The engineer seems shocked at first. "You really... won? It really was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence?"`
			choice
				`	"Indeed, but it was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next
			`	"I must congratulate you, I never expected you had it in you. I only have one word and will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition!`

> 			`	"Make sure you do not lose it until you earn the right to call us friends, or we will take it very seriously. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, I hope you don't mind."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Make sure you do not lose it until you earn the right to call us friends, or we will take it very seriously. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee. I hope you don't mind."`
```
Flows better with a period.

		outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"

> 		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to overtake a swarm of Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory, for a daily cost, and only if I manage to keep the Ancient Ladybug intact."

Author: I mean it's a personal log so they can exagerate, and it was 4 of them so kind of?

> 		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to overtake a swarm of Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory, for a daily cost, and only if I manage to keep the Ancient Ladybug intact."

Author: ```suggestion
		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to overtake a few Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory, for a daily cost. That is, only the Ancient Ladybug is kept intact."
```
?

> 		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to overtake a swarm of Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory, for a daily cost, and only if I manage to keep the Ancient Ladybug intact."

Reviewer: Sure, though I would say something like `beat` instead of `overtake`.

			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto tellme
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away).`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label trainback
			`	You proceed to head to the nearest spaceport by getting yourself another train ticket, without any incidents.`
				decline
			label know
			`	They grin, "You need to become known by the Hai in order to land on our homeworld."`
			`	"We know you have provided help, by doing various jobs."`
				to display

> 					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -1250

Reviewer: I think that's lower than the default, but maybe I'm wrong.

Author: That's the point, yes, default is -1k
If it's at this level then you didnt do that much attacking of UHai so it's not really worth mentionning

Reviewer: OK

			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ancient Ladybug.)`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		dialog `The enemy ships hail you, "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit, I heavily suggest you land on Darkcloak so that we take it from you without trouble - we can even leave you with the outfits. Do not try to keep it from us!"`
		set "unfettered: undeserved ladybug"
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed to complete the duel properly, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables
		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Erazer"
		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"
		conversation

> 			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: "We surrender." You remember you were asked to land on the same day in order to claim your reward of permanent access to Unfettered space.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward."`
```
I think having the player "remember" something is against the "don't assume stuff about the player".

Author: ~~alright, you may have one day amnesia, got it~~

		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"
		dialog "You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers, it is now time to land to claim your reward."
		on disable
			set "unfettred: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"
		personality launching staying surveillance
		on kill
			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
	on visit
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission."
	to complete
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		conversation
			`The engineer seems shocked at first. "You really... won? It really was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence?"`
			choice
				`	"Indeed, but it was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`

> 			`	"Don't become overconfident now, captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`

Reviewer: What happens?

Author: they get shot by a bullfrog AM, ofc

Reviewer: (:

Author: or a ship lands on their face, you never know...

mission "Undeserved Ladybug"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "ship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		has "unfettered: undeserved ladybug"
		# to make sure you can buy another one
		or
			has "flagship planet attribute: shipyard"
			"total ships" > 1
	on offer
		conversation
			branch "unfet space"
				has "flagship planet attribute: unfettered"
			`As you land on this planet with the Ancient Ladybug, all warnings go on; it's as if the ship is going to fall apart!`
			`	You order the evacuation of the ship, but as soon as every member of your crew exited...`
			action
				take ship "Ancient Ladybug" "with outfits"
			`	It takes off, seemingly on its own! Looks like the Unfettered are getting this ship back at any cost.`
				decline
			label "unfet space"
			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Ancient Ladybug, and as you do countless Unfettered head to your ship, armed as they always are.`
			`	Except that they seem much more intimidating than usual...`
			choice
				`	(Let them have it.)`
				`	(Take off, now!)`

> 					depart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					flee
```
I don't think `depart` is a conversation ending.

Reviewer: OK, thanks!

			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto tellme
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away).`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label trainback
			`	You proceed to head to the nearest spaceport by getting yourself another train ticket, without any incidents.`
				decline
			label know
			`	They grin, "You need to become known by the Hai in order to land on our homeworld."`
			`	"We know you have provided help, by doing various jobs."`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -1250
			`	"Do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," they add with a serious tone.`
				to display

> 					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be listed twice in this section? It seems appropriate only for this last answer.

Reviewer 2: Ah! I just missed the different signs, was focused on the matching values... but that makes sense as a switchover point :)

			label tellme

> 			`	Suddenly, you hear a loud roar behind you as the ground begins to shake.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Suddenly, you hear a loud roar coming from the sea behind you, and the ground begins to shake.`
```

> 			`	Turning back towards the sea where the noise is coming from you see the waves getting more agitated and the wind rise as a shape emerges out of the water surrounded by fumes, as if an ancient sea monster was arising from the depths.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Turning around, you see the waves getting more agitated and the wind rise as a shape surrounded by fumes emerges out of the water, as if an ancient sea monster was arising from the depths.`
```

			`	But it is no monster. Indeed it is so, so much worse.`
			`	It is a ship, and its guns are pointed straight at you!`
			label tryagain
			scene "scene/emerging ladybug"
			choice
				`	(Run!)`
				`	(Wait.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Try to contact my fleet for help!)`
				`	(Shoot it!)`
					goto dumb
			`	As you try to react to this sudden threat, the Hai closest to you firmly grabs your arm and shouts to get trough the noise. "Wait! If this ship wanted to kill you, <last>, you would already be dead."`
			label wait
			`	You are having a hard time hearing anything with the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm.`
			`	They turn to you, surprisingly calm in this situation. "Lucky for you, this is our ship. But not any ship! This is a mighty relic of the past, from the times our Empire used to control the stars: a Ladybug!`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto explain
				`	"You could have told me before."`

> 			`	"Yes, but where is the fun in that? We also wanted to see how you would react.`

Reviewer 2: I love this pair of squirrels :D

Author: They are truly Unfettered in their heart x)

			label explain

> 			`	"We have a very interesting proposition for you: should you agree to bring supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell this ship to you for the modest price of 6.5 million credits. This is a very useful ship, and you should be able to repay this quite easily by running more of the same kind of jobs. These supplies are needed on short notice, on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"We have a very interesting proposition for you: should you agree to bring supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell this ship to you for the modest price of 6.5 million credits. This is a very useful ship, and you should be able to repay us for this favor with ease by running more of the same kind of jobs. These supplies are needed on short notice, on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them."`
```

Something like this then, perhaps?

			`	"Of course, the ship has some... drawbacks, compared to its golden time, and you should not expect the best price in a shipyard either. Nevertheless it is a fine vessel, capable of safely taking a respectable amount of cargo across large distances! So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; they simply don't make ships like these anymore!"`
			choice
				`	"I will take this deal."`
					goto take
				`	"I have no interest in this deal."`
			`	"A shame. We will probably not meet again," they say, before signaling the ship to submerge into the ocean again.`
				goto trainback
			label take
			action
				give ship "Ancient Ladybug" "Good Omen"
				fine 6500000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, a Ladybug, that seems to still be in good functioning state."

> 			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go trough official means for this, we will have to present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`
```

> 			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you notice the fine has already been issued before you could say anything. "We will need to make some modifications to the anti-missile system of the ship before you can use it. Once you get the ship into a shipyard I would advise against repainting it, you will understand why later. And I would not bother removing the rust if I were you, it is not worth the risk."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you have received notice of the fine being issued before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the anti-missile system of the ship before you can use it. I also strongly would advise against repainting it, you will understand why later. I would not bother removing the rust, either, if I were you, it is not worth the risk."`
```

			`	"Oh, and I almost forgot: make sure you visit the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship!"`
				accept

> 			label dumb

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			label foolish
```
As above.

			branch miss
				random < 30
			branch lucky?
				random < 2
			branch lucky??
				random < 40

> 			scene "scene/emerging ladybug"

Author: Kinda like the remnant scene that is shown again at most choices?

				`	"I have nothing to prove to you."`
					decline
			`	"Good! I will of course not be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" Another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." Says a third.`
			label scare
			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, that this is not a friendly competition between allies. As far as I am concerned, you are an enemy. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn this ship, and more, but make no mistakes: it has only two rules: nobody else than us may interfere, and being disabled results in losing the fight. And do not even think about bringing more than this Ladybug as a flagship or we will not bother showing up!"`

> 			# this is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles

Reviewer 2: Fixed :)

			choice
				`	"Indeed, but it was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next
			`	"I must congratulate you, I never expected you had it in you. I only have one word and will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition!`
			`	"Make sure you do not lose it until you earn the right to call us friends, or we will take it very seriously. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee. I hope you don't mind."`
			choice
				`	"Thank you for your trust."`
					goto trust
				`	"I refuse to pay much that for simple access."`
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				log "Won a fight against a few Lightning Bugs in an Ancient Ladybug, but decided against paying the fee of 681 to land."
			`	"What? Oh well the winner of the challenge can always refuse the spoils, I suppose. In that case our conflict will resume."`
				decline
			label trust
			action
				outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"

> 				log "Managed to use an old ladybug to beat a few Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory for a daily cost, as long as the Ancient Ladybug is kept intact."

Author: Nobody noticed a sea scorpion
There certainly wasnr a breach in the duel and your logs were not corrupted due to making them on this Unfettered vessel

				`	(Take off, now!)`
					depart
			`	You exit your ship with your crew and inform the local Unfettered militia that it is theirs now. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one, probably the leader judging by their special weaponry of dual pulse pistols. They come to talk to you, weapons lowered, "We are happy you could see reason, and decided to hand over the ship with no resistance. As we only wanted the ship itself, and you nicely came to deliver it to us, we have decided to allocate <payment> to you for them.`
			`	"You may even buy the outfits back at a reduced price, if you so wish.`
				to display
					has "flagship planet attribute: shipyard"
			`	"This ship was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself, such as a bringing us a Jump Drive."`
			action
				take ship "Ancient Ladybug"
				payment 2000000

mission "Unfettered Landing Permit Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "outfit (all): Unfettered Landing Permit"
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= 0
	on offer

> 		dialog "As you land the Unfettered tell you they have learned of the loss of the Ladybug, thereby ending your landing access and friendly relations with them until you give them a Jump Drive."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog "As you land the Unfettered tell you they have learned of the loss of the Ladybug, thereby ending your landing access and friendly relations with them. They also, very unsubtly, suggest you find and bring them a Jump Drive to atone for your carelessness."
```

> 		# since you had to have that ship as a flagship when you received the license that means that if you lose the license you lost the ship

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		# Since you had to have that ship as a flagship when you received the license that means that if you lose the license you lost the ship.
```

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient, "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships to get the initiative. The engineer utters a word to you once they are far enough away, "I want this done by the end of the day, do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, make sure I do not regret it. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures, and launch as soon as you can.`
			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ancient Ladybug.)`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		dialog `The enemy ships hail you, "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit, I heavily suggest you land on Darkcloak so that we take it from you without trouble - we can even leave you with the outfits. Do not try to keep it from us!"`

> 		set "unfettered: undeserved ladybug"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
```
After the last commit, it seems this condition is no longer used anywhere (unless you want to keep it for some future content).

Author: You're right, and I dont need this one because it just means you failed the mission
Nice catch!

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures and launch as soon as you can.`
			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Anomalocaris.)`
				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but it seems like you are being followed.`
				launch
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		dialog

> 			`The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I suggest you land on Darkcloak so that we take it from you without trouble, whilst giving you a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`

Author: ```suggestion
			`The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
```

		to spawn
			has "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		personality unconstrained nemesis launching heroic marked
		fleet
			names "hai"
			variant
				"Sea Scorpion (Ionic)"
	on visit
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		conversation
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, shocked. "You really won? It was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence, after they used their escape pods to get back here like cowards?"`
			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, Captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next

> 			`	"Congratulations, I never expected you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition. Make sure you do not lose it until you truly earn the right to call us friends, or we will consider you a true enemy of the Unfettered. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, totaling 650 credits per day. I hope you don't mind.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Congratulations, I never expected you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Make sure you do not lose it until you truly earn the right to call us friends, or we will consider you a true enemy of the Unfettered. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, totaling 650 credits per day. I hope you don't mind.`
```

				to display
					not "Hai Legacy 3: offered"
			`	"We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must surrender this one," one of them explains to you in a threatening tone.`
			choice
				`	(Let them have it.)`
				`	(Take off, now!)`
					depart
			`	You end your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one, probably the leader judging by their open display of rare weaponry: dual pulse pistols. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. For this, we have decided to provide you with a suitable replacement, that should hopefully allow you exit our space safely.`
			`	"Indeed that relic was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that for sure will be earning you favor, and prove you can fight.`

> 			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers, you'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get confortable in the new ship. You may want to get a better one, or at least upgrade this one in order to escape safely. You can also use bribes.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers, you'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship. You may want to get a better one, or at least upgrade this one in order to escape safely. You can also use bribes.`
```

		"reputation: Hai" += 10
		"reputation: Hai (Wormhole Access)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Human)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Sympathizers)" += 10

mission "Hai Legacy 1"
	invisible
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		# note: this mission chain could be tweaked later to trigger even after they are friendly
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		# it will offer but defer itself the first time if you lack money but have sufficient net worth
		"credits" + "net worth" * ( 1 - "Hai Legacy 1: deferred" ) >= 10000000
	on offer
		conversation
			branch first
				not "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
			`Do you want to head to the coordinates as the hooded figure suggested?`
			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
					goto go
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
				`	(Never.)`
					decline
			label first

> 			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ship, as if to mimic the actions of regular passerby, they address you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location: a beach on the other side of the planet.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ship, as if to mimic the actions of regular passerby, they address you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location that you cross-reference with the local maps: a beach on the other side of the planet.`
```
like this?

> 			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ship, as if to mimic the actions of regular passerby, they address you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location: a beach on the other side of the planet.`

Reviewer: Sure!

			`	However, it also mentions you need to have at least 10 million in cash! It may be a good idea to save up or take a debt and then come back another day to head to the location.`
				to display
					"credits" < 10000000

> 				defer

Author: ```
# it will offer but defer itself the first time if you lack money but have sufficient net worth
		"credits" + "net worth" * ( 1 - "Hai Legacy 1: deferred" ) >= 10000000
```
as said, it'll only happen once if you lack the money bc I set hai legacy 1: deffered in the on defer, so the net worth is ignored after the first time

> 				defer

Reviewer: It's not about the money requirements, it's about how it looks like the the dialog leads to the `defer` keyword.

				goto tryagain
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing
	name "Heritage reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>, with it as your flagship and preferably without any other ships."
	clearance
	# deadline to make sure you don't just enjoy free rep
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon returning to the spaceport, one could say the cargo finds you more than you find it. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, which a quick check shows have already been allocated for this ship in your name. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> by <day> for the promised sum of <payment>.`
			choice
				`(Prepare for takeoff.)`

> 			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel, probably from your "associates:"`

Author: idk I think its supposed to be in but in truth I have no clue

			`	"Beware, for there are no official rules, other than the fact that you may only use this one ship. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. If you want it, you'll have to chase me down. No duel."`
					goto headingout
			`	"Good! Of course, I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone know them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you: naturally since this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`

Reviewer: "The leader"? What is this Unfettered the leader of? A fleet? A ship? Are they a warlord?

Author: they're not a warlord for sure, prob leader of this fleet
I dont think you should know in this instance - groupleader?

Author: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone know them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you: naturally since this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`
```

Reviewer: Yeah, that suggested change looks good.

			`	"Do not declare victory too soon, however, for we were not the only ones you had to beat," another adds.`
			label "good boy or bad boy enough"
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			"total ships" == 1
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained entering plunders target heroic mute
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"
		conversation
			branch "first one"
				not "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
			`You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
				goto score
			label "first one"
			`You receive no hail from this extra challenger, but there can be no doubt that they are indeed defeated.`
			label score
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"
		personality launching staying surveillance
		on disable

> 			dialog `Mera hails you. "Stop! The duel will not be valid if you destroy us!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			dialog `Mera hails you: "Stop! The duel will not be valid if you destroy us!"`
```
I'm not sure what it should be, but the period should be changed.

	engine 36 62 0.8
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description "This sensor-laden exploration vessel hails back to a more peaceful era of the Hai. Though they have no true ramscoop, a technology the Hai never developed, their built-in collection gills magnify the natural ramscoop present in all ships. These expensive features are the reason the ship has been replaced with the Lightning Bug."
	description "This ship can be used as an agile, long distance cargo hauler and blockade runner. It is also able to defend itself in small skirmishes, even though it can no longer operate at its original full potential. Having stayed underwater for such a long time, the simple fact that it is still running at all is proof of the durability of Hai technology."

mission "Hai Legacy 1"
	invisible
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		not "event: hai ladybug available"

> 		"credits" + "net worth" > 65000000

Author: well that's not an issue they can just sell their current ship? they're getting a new one, after all

also you get some cash aftewards but actually shouldnt this unlock the medical missions? that way you can really make off the cost of the ship

> 		"credits" + "net worth" > 65000000

Reviewer 7: My point is moreso that the game usually doesn't let you buy a ship unless you have enough cash to pay for it (try buying a ship in the shipyard that costs more than what you have; it's not possible). Allowing the player to buy a ship when they don't have enough money for it goes against what's usually allowed in-game.

If you really prefer for net worth to factor in as well, I think an alternative would be having additional dialogue that clearly warns players with less than 6.5 million that they'll go into debt if they buy this ship.

> 		"credits" + "net worth" > 65000000

Author: Good point but you wouldnt know to take a debt to get this ship... except if maybe I hinted at that when you're too low on cash? I think I'll do that

			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto tellme
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away).`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label trainback
			`	You proceed to head to the nearest spaceport by getting yourself another train ticket, without any incidents.`
				decline
			label know
			`	They grin, "You need to become known by the Hai in order to land on our homeworld."`
			`	"We know you have provided help, by doing various jobs."`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -1250

> 			`	"Do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," they add with a serious tone.`

Author: that's weird shown alone without the previous one?

> 			`	"Do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," they add with a serious tone.`

Reviewer 7: Fair point. I didn't understand the structure earlier, now I think I get it. How about this?
```suggestion
			`	"We are aware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," the other replies with a serious tone.`
```

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250
			label tellme
			`	Suddenly, you hear a loud roar coming from the sea behind you, and the ground begins to shake.`
			`	Turning around, you see the waves getting more agitated and the wind rise as a shape surrounded by fumes emerges out of the water, as if an ancient sea monster was arising from the depths.`
			`	But it is no monster. Indeed it is so, so much worse.`

> 			`	It is a ship, and its guns are pointed straight at you!`

Author: I tried to be dramatic x)

			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. Worry not, we will make it something of no consequence, like an old Korath forbidden tech you would not have known about, that we had to confiscate."`
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you have received notice of the fine being issued before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the anti-missile system of the ship before you can use it. I also strongly would advise against repainting it, you will understand why later. I would not bother removing the rust, either, if I were you, it is not worth the risk."`
			`	"Oh, and I almost forgot: make sure you return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship! And use it as your flagship, naturally."`
				accept
			label foolish
			`	You get your weapon out and proceed to shoot on the ship.`
			branch miss
				random < 30
			branch lucky?
				random < 2
			branch lucky??
				random < 40

> 			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost deafening you. "MY TURN!"`

Author: it was told to be quiet but in this case it doesnt listen because it knows you're not gonna be accepted anyway

> 			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost deafening you. "MY TURN!"`

Reviewer 7: Sure, but doesn't change the fact that, to the reader, this is still weird. I'd still recommend removing it or providing the context you just explained in the mission itself.

> 			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost deafening you. "MY TURN!"`

Reviewer 7: That's helpful, yes. Upon another viewing, this still feels very [Chekov's gun-ish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chekhov%27s_gun). Basically, I think the fact that the AI has a voice it can use should be utilized later or removed entirely. Could it maybe comment in the missions where it returns to the Unfettered, or perhaps a unique comment if it's destroyed?

> 			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost deafening you. "MY TURN!"`

Author: gotcha, it commenting when it exits can be fun

				decline
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you did not get the cargo there in time. The message they send you is short: "You will have to prove yourself another way."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Ancient Ladybug, some of the cargo was on another ship, or you are not using the Ladybug as your flagship. You should park your fleet and only use the Ancient Ladybug.`
	to complete
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the 'associates of Hai-home': "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment> to get you started on paying the gift you still need to prove yourself worthy of."`
		payment 1000000
		log "Delivered a pressing food cargo to the Unfettered using a newly acquired but rather old Ladybug. They seem to not be firing on me, for now at least."

# no category, meaning you can't remove it from the Ladybug
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"

> 	"maintenance costs" 681

Author: it's like this on purpose because it's 600 like she said + taxes of 13.5%

> 	"maintenance costs" 681

Reviewer 7: Sure, but doesn't match the rest of the game. Taxes exist everywhere else too, right? All the ship prices, outfit prices, and other salaries aren't exact numbers like this one. For gameplay's sake, this should still be rounded. There's a distinct advantage to having more rounded numbers because they're easier for the player to run quick math with. I'm not aware of any advantages that using a number this exact provides.

> 	"maintenance costs" 681

Author: alright 650 it is

	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in a merciless fight. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	landing
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land and exit your ship, it is obviously the center of the spaceport crowd's attention, probably due to the ancient design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual in your experiences with the Unfettered. "Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of.`
			`	"As such, most will say that you need to prove to us you have a right to use that ship. Luckily for you, I do not believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, given the time it obviously spent in the water. It also has ancient technology that would be very valuable to us."`
			`	Their tone suddenly changes as they raise their voice for everyone to hear, "I challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic!"`

> 			choice

Reviewer 7: The player doesn't necessarily know or care that the Unfettered work on an honor system where challenges like this are legit. For roleplay purposes, there should be an option for `<first>` to just say "no, I bought this and it's mine" and just leave. It can tie into the refusal later, but the roleplayer should also have that option from the beginning of the conversation.

Author: alright but at the very least they'll pursue you and worst case they'll shoot you right now x)

Reviewer 7: The player is an outsider to the Unfettered, and you can't guarantee that the player will know the things you've just explained will happen. Perhaps if the player refuses, the leader mentioned later on steps in and explains to the player _why_ saying no and leaving isn't an option? Something like that would work while still allowing the conversation to progress as is currently written.

Author: well I added an option to get the heck out of there with Unfettered on your tails now and I kinda like it ~~you'll lose the ship shortly afterwards tho but that's smth else entirely~~

				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win

> 			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meager daily fee of 500 credits. In order to keep our respect, this Ancient Ladybug may not be destroyed or sold. This is a priceless artifact. You will not be allowed to land so easily as you just did, should you refuse to prove your worth.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meager daily fee of 500 credits. In order to keep our respect, this Ancient Ladybug may not be destroyed or sold. This is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here.`
```

> 			`	"Beware, for there are no rules, other than the fact you may only use this one ship. Tell me then, what say you? Will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Beware, for there are no rules, other than the fact that you may only use this one ship. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
```

			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you."`
					decline

> 			`	"Good! I will of course not be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
> 			`	You are not sure if they are being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
> 			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" Another one adds.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Good! Of course, I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if they're being serious or not, but their friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
```

			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare

> 			`	"I guess we'll find out." Says a third.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"I guess we'll find out." says a third.`
```

			label scare

> 			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone, "You should be aware, <last>, that this is not a friendly competition between allies. You should see it more as a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship, but as far as I am concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that, this fight has only two rules: nobody other than us here may interfere, and being disabled results in losing the fight. Do not even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Ladybug, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove your worth for this prize ship in this ship and with only this ship."`
> 			`	"And do not even think about capturing our ships. Errors happen, so we can understand some may die in glorious battle, but otherwise looting us is as far as we will allow!"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	The leader gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has only two rules: nobody other than us here may interfere, and being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Ladybug, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove your worth only with the Ladybug.`
			`	"We can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting as allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and the whole of the Unfettered will be against you."`
```
Engineer says "there are no rules", leader says "there are two rules", but it seems like there are three: nobody can interfere, only the Ladybug, and no capturing. Which is it?

Author: yeah there are no official rules but he gives the implicit ones
he'll say three rules for you to be accepted among us?

Reviewer 7: Yeah, maybe having him say something like "I know she just said no rules, but there are implicit rules. We would assume everyone knows them, but because you're an outsider I'll explain them. [list the three rules]" would be good.

			# This is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles
			# (But in reality with disabling a lot of ships it goes faster than that)

> 			`	They suddenly look at you intensively, straight in the eyes, "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not your case," they say with a sudden change of tone, before leaving.`

Reviewer 7: Can you elaborate on why this exists? I don't quite understand the purpose of this line, even with the explanation above.

Author: they're angry about you bc you killed their kind and they can't hide it

with the PR to make it so disabling is ignored this means bad stuff happened

Reviewer 7: Okay, got it. I'm still struggling with this line - I don't think I like the current wording, but I'm not sure how to change it just yet either. I'll get back to you on this.

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient, "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships to get the initiative. The engineer utters a word to you once they are far enough away, "I want this done by the end of the day, do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, make sure I do not regret it. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures and launch as soon as you can.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures and launch as soon as you can.`
```
Why are we lucky the engineer offered this "deal"? As far as we know, we bought a ship and the engineer just said "you have to fight for this". Doesn't exactly track. How is what the engineer offered better than other outcomes? You need to explain why we're "lucky" more or just remove the mention.

Author: the others would have just killed you and taken the ship but she had arrangements with the sympathizers

			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ancient Ladybug.)`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"

> 		dialog `The enemy ships hail you, "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit, I heavily suggest you land on Darkcloak so that we take it from you without trouble - we can even leave you with the outfits. Do not try to keep it from us!"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		dialog `The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I suggest you land on Darkcloak so that we take it from you without trouble - we can even leave you with the outfits. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
```

	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000

> 		dialog `The Unfettered hail you, "You failed to complete the duel properly, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you. "You failed to complete the duel properly, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`
```

	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables

> 		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Erazer"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Eraser"
```

		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"
		conversation
			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward, so long as you do not capture our ships."`
			branch "good boy or bad boy enough"
				has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 			`	"Do not shout victory too soon, however, for we were not the only ones you had to beat," they add.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Do not declare victory too soon, however, for we were not the only ones you had to beat," another adds.`
```

			label "good boy or bad boy enough"
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
			"total ships" == 1
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1
		personality unconstrained entering plunders staying target heroic
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"

> 		dialog "You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers, it is now time to land to claim your reward."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		dialog "You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers. Now it's time to land and claim your reward."
```

		on disable
			set "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"
		personality launching staying surveillance
		on disable

> 			dialog `The engineer hails you, "What do you think you are doing? The duel will not be valid if you destroy my ship."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			dialog `The ship hails you. "Stop! The duel will not be valid if you destroy us!"`
```

		on kill
			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
	on visit

> 		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission. You may also have capped too many of their ships, in which case you should disown them."

Reviewer 7: Can you explain how the last sentence (about capturing) would occur? How does that affect the mission outcome?

Author: "total ships" <= 1 + "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
so long as you have more than one ship + another if they bent the rule you can't succeed this mission given you didnt respect the no capturing rule
if I could I'd just make this an atrocity but I cant rn until my other PR is in

Author: to clarify I playtested it and noticed that it was OP if you captured the lightning bugs so I made sure to not allow that

Reviewer 7: Gotcha, thanks! Just a wording edit then:

```suggestion
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission. You may also have captured ships included in the duel, in which case you should disown them."
```

P.S. - Just a heads up, I don't think you use "atrocity" correctly in your reply. Not sure what you intended to say, but I was still able to get the gist.

	to complete
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		# If they bended the rules you can get away with capping one ship.
		"total ships" <= 1 + "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`The engineer seems shocked at first. "You really... won? It really was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence?"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`When you land in one piece, the engineer approaches, shocked. "You really won? It was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence?"`
```

			choice

> 				`	"Indeed, but it was fun."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"It was fun."`
```

					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, Captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next

> 			`	"I must congratulate you, I never expected you had it in you. I only have one word and will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition!`
> 			`	"Make sure you do not lose it until you truly earn the right to call us friends, or we will take it very seriously. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, totaling 681 credits per day. I hope you don't mind."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Congratulations, I never expected you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition. Make sure you do not lose it until you truly earn the right to call us friends, or we will consider you a true enemy of the Unfettered. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, totaling 681 credits per day. I hope you don't mind."`
```
This line will need to update too when you change the credit amount.

			choice
				`	"Thank you for your trust."`
					goto trust

> 				`	"I refuse to pay much that for simple access."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"No thanks; I don't want to pay that much."`
```

			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

> 				log "Won a fight against a few Lightning Bugs in an Ancient Ladybug, but decided against paying the fee of 681 to land."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				log "Won a fight against a few Lightning Bugs in an Ancient Ladybug, but decided against paying the daily fee to land."
```

> 			`	"What? Oh, well the winner of the challenge can always refuse the spoils, I suppose. In that case our conflict will resume."`

Reviewer 7: Can the player refuse the negative aspect of having to pay without losing the other benefits (if there's a reputation change)?

Author: isnt that a bit too easy? you get the positive but not the negatives?
the license is the balanced way to give you access to uhai space

Reviewer 7: Got it. Probably just add to your conversation somewhere that clarifies this is an "all or nothing" type deal for the Unfettered. Either you pay the fee and get positive relations, or you don't pay the fee and the Unfettered won't treat you any differently.

Author: it's a landing permit after all but got it, added

				decline
			label trust

> 			`	"No need to thank me, trust is earned, like respect."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"No need to thank me. Trust is earned, like respect."`
```

			action
				outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
				log "Managed to use an old Ladybug to beat a few Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory for a daily cost, as long as the Ancient Ladybug is kept intact."

mission "Undeserved Ladybug"
	minor
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "ship model: Ancient Ladybug"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1000
		# No you can't keep the ship forever for free, nice try.
		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"
		# To make sure you are not stranded.
		or
			and
				has "flagship planet attribute: shipyard"
				"credits" >= 1500000
			"total ships" > 1
	on offer
		conversation
			branch "unfet space"
				has "flagship planet attribute: unfettered"

> 			`As you land on this planet with the Ancient Ladybug, sirens and warning lights of all different types begin to go off; it seems the ancient ship is finally ready to fall completely apart!`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`As you land on this planet with the Ancient Ladybug, sirens and warning lights of all different types begin to go off; it seems the ancient ship is finally ready to completely fall apart!`
```

			`	You order the evacuation of the ship, but as soon as every member of your crew has exited...`
			action
				take ship "Ancient Ladybug" "with outfits"

> 			`	It takes off, seemingly on its own! Looks like the Unfettered are getting this ship back at any cost.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	It takes off, seemingly on its own! Looks like the Unfettered are getting this ship no matter what you do.`
```

				decline
			label "unfet space"
			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Ancient Ladybug, and, as you do, countless Unfettered head to your ship, each armed as they always are.`
			`	Except, this time, they seem even more intimidating than usual... They must want the ship.`

> 			`	One of them hails you on a private channel, "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old, and you missed your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right!"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	One of them hails you on a private channel. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old, and you missed your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right!"`
```

				to display
					not "Hai Legacy 3: offered"
			choice
				`	(Let them have it.)`
				`	(Take off, now!)`
					depart

> 			`	You end your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one, probably the leader judging by their open display of rare weaponry: dual pulse pistols. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered, "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship with no resistance. As we only wanted the ship itself, and you nicely came to deliver it to us, we have decided to allocate <payment> to you.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	You end your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one, probably the leader judging by their open display of rare weaponry: dual pulse pistols. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship with no resistance. As we only wanted the ship itself, and you kindly delivered it to us, we have decided to allocate <payment> to you.`
```

			`	"You may even buy the outfits back at a reduced price, if you so wish.`
				to display
					has "flagship planet attribute: shipyard"

> 			`	"This ship was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Oh... say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... might begin earning you much favor."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"This ship was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that might begin earning you favor."`
```

			action
				take ship "Ancient Ladybug"
				payment 2000000

mission "Unfettered Landing Permit Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "outfit (all): Unfettered Landing Permit"
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= 0
	on offer

> 		dialog "As you land the Unfettered tell you they have learned of the loss of the Ladybug, thereby ending your landing access and friendly relations with them. They also, very unsubtly, suggest you find and bring them a Jump Drive to atone for your carelessness."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		dialog "As you land, the Unfettered tell you they have learned of the loss of the Ladybug, thereby ending your landing access and friendly relations with them. They also, very unsubtly, suggest you find and bring them a Jump Drive to atone for your carelessness."
```

				`	(Sure.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
			label go
			`	While you're pondering whether there will be enough space to land your ship at the destination, you notice a train ticket was placed in your pocket, with instructions written on the back. You proceed to take the train and hike a few hours to get the rest of the way there.`
			`	Upon arriving, you take a look around, looking for the stranger. Except for a cave, some sparse vegetation, and of course the beach itself, you cannot see much of interest in the vicinity. You double check that these are the right coordinates and look around some more.`
			`	After waiting for some time, you spot two hooded figures further down the beach making their way toward you. You start to doubt whether or not this was a good idea, but it's too late to back out now. Even when they're close enough to speak, their faces somehow remain impossible to glimpse beneath the hoods. "Hello, <last>," one says to you. "We are sorry for all the complications, but the truth is, we cannot afford to take risks. It is best for all if you do not know who we are, and we needed a secluded area to speak to you."`
			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`

> 					goto tellme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					goto "tell me"
```
I know there's been some discussion on how to do multiword gotos, but I think it should be more than a cut space.

				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away.)`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`

> 			label trainback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			label "train back"
```
See above

			`	Without any incidents, you return to the train station and buy a ticket back to the spaceport.`
				decline
			label know
			`	The second one grins. "Any outsider landing on our homeworld must be well-known. We know you have provided various assistance to our kind."`
			`	"Though do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," the first adds with a serious tone.`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250

> 			label tellme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			label "tell me"
```
See above

			`	Suddenly, you hear a loud roar coming from the sea behind you, and the ground begins to shake.`
			choice
				`	(Turn around.)`
			`	You see the waves become agitated and the wind rise as a shape surrounded by fumes emerges out of the water, as if an ancient sea monster was rising from the depths.`
			`	But it is no monster. It's a ship, and its guns are pointed straight at you!`

> 			label tryagain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			label "try again"
```
See above.

			`	"Of course, the ship is aged, and you should not expect the best price in a shipyard. Nevertheless, it is a fine vessel, capable of fighting, freighting, and mining. So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; they simply don't make ships like this anymore."`
			label choice
			choice
				`	"I'll take the... Anomalocaris, was it?"`
					goto take
				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting the ship from the ocean?"`
					to display
						not "unfettered: pilot dialog"
					goto pilot
				`	"Why was the security ship submerged?"`
					to display
						not "unfettered: ocean dialog"
					goto ocean
				`	"No thanks. I'm not looking to add another ship to my fleet."`
			`	"A shame. We will probably not meet again. Farewell," one says. They signal the ship to submerge into the ocean again and walk off along the beach.`

> 				goto trainback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				goto "train back"
```

			label pilot
			action
				set "unfettered: pilot dialog"
			`	"Actually, it's a 'what,' not a-" starts the first one, but they are again interrupted by the second.`
			`	"The less you know, the better for all of us, Captain."`
				goto choice
			label ocean
			action
				set "unfettered: ocean dialog"
			`	"We found it there," the first one answers.`
			`	"It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all, and we were that drop. Worry not, we have restored its hull," the other one adds.`
				goto choice
			label take
			action
				give ship "Anomalocaris (Venerable)" "Good Omen"
					id "hai legacy"
				fine 10000000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, an Anomalocaris, that seems to still be in good functioning state."

> 			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying Korath tech you had no idea was forbidden, and it will not go on your permanent record. These Detainers are suspicious looking indeed."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying Korath tech you had no idea was forbidden, and it will not go on your permanent record. These Detainers are suspicious-looking indeed."`
```

				decline
			label lucky??
			`	You manage to land a lucky hit on what you assume to be the ship's navigation system, because it comes down, seemingly crashing. You feel like you hear a robotic voice cry out, but it's hard to tell with all the noise.`
			`	Unfortunately, the crash is right on top you, and it seems more like a landing than an actual crash, especially considering the Hai are left mostly untouched, having taken a few leaps back right in time.`
				die
			label lucky?
			`	Probably thanks to the fact the ship's shields are down, and its depreciated state, you manage to land a very lucky shot, going through a layer of rust and severely damaging the reactor of the ship. The ship's speakers cry out, "MY REACTOR... NOT MY REACTOR!"`
			`	It might have seemed lucky, that is, until it blows up, taking you and everyone else on the beach down with it.`
				die
			label miss
			`	You miss your shot. Neither the ship nor the two Hai react, probably not viewing you as a threat. You still have time to do something else or try again. You feel like you heard a chuckle, but you're not sure where it came from.`

> 				goto tryagain

Author: ```suggestion
				goto "try again"
```

			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. This is not necessarily the end, <last>, you will simply have to prove yourself another way."`
			`	"Oh and a word of advise: maybe you should have outfitted your ship differently, or used your range advantage by moving away at full thrust, before turning back to fire on us."`
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		# I would deduce the reputation here but being on a planet that becomes hostile as you land seem to cause issues for the game.
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1

> 		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables

Author: ```suggestion
		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables marked
```

		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Eraser"
		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"
		conversation
			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward, so long as you do not capture our ships."`
			branch "good boy or bad boy enough"
				or
					has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
					"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	"Do not declare victory too soon, however, for we were not the only ones you had to beat," another adds.`
			label "good boy or bad boy enough"
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			"total ships" == 1
		to despawn
			"total ships" != 1

> 		personality unconstrained entering plunders target heroic mute

Author: ```suggestion
		personality unconstrained entering plunders target heroic mute marked
```

		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"
		conversation
			branch "first one"
				not "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
			`You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
				goto score
			label "first one"
			`You receive no hail from this extra challenger, but there can be no doubt that they are indeed defeated.`
			label score
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"

> 		personality launching staying surveillance

Author: ```suggestion
		personality launching staying surveillance marked
```

				to display
					has "flagship planet: Darkcloak"
			choice
				`	(Let them have it.)`
				`	(Take off, now!)`
					depart
			`	You end your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one, probably the leader judging by their open display of rare weaponry: dual pulse pistols. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. For this, we have decided to provide you with a suitable replacement, that should hopefully allow you exit our space safely.`
			`	"Indeed that relic was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that for sure will be earning you favor, and prove you can fight.`

> 			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers, you'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship. You may want to get a better one, or at least upgrade this one in order to escape safely. You can also use bribes.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship. You may want to get a better one, or at least upgrade this one in order to escape safely. You can also use bribes.`
```
Feels better to me as a stop there.

		left
	leak "leak" 40 50
	leak "flame" 40 30
	explode "tiny explosion" 24
	explode "small explosion" 50
	explode "medium explosion" 30
	explode "large explosion" 14
	"final explode" "final explosion medium"
	description "This ship is rumored to be one of the first agile warships the Hai made, when conflicts started to erupt with the Sheragi. The high cargo capacity and low engine space was probably due to the first designs of the ship being intended for mining or freighting instead, but it was useful to collect loot from the enemy ships and carry ammo as well as escorting more vulnerable ships. Vessels from that time used a more expensive but also more durable material, allowing this ship to take quite a pounding, although its time under water may have damaged it."

mission "Hai Legacy 1"
	invisible
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		# note: this mission chain could be tweaked later to trigger even after they are friendly
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		# it will offer but defer itself the first time if you lack money but have sufficient net worth

> 		"credits" + "net worth" * ( 1 - "Hai Legacy 1: deferred" ) > 100000000

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
		"credits" + "net worth" * ( 1 - "Hai Legacy 1: deferred" ) > 10000000
```

			`	You wait for some time until you spot two hooded figures further down the beach, and you start to doubt whether or not this was a good idea as they make their way toward you. Even when they're close enough to speak, their faces somehow remain impossible to glimpse beneath the hoods. "Hello, <last>," one says to you. "We are sorry for the secrecy, but the truth is, we cannot afford to take risks. It is best for all if you do not know who we are, and we needed a secluded area to speak to you."`
			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto "tell me"
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away.)`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label "train back"
			`	Without any incidents, you return to the train station and buy a ticket back to the spaceport.`
				decline
			label know

> 			`	The second one grins. "Any outsider landing on our homeworld must be well-known. We know you have provided various assistances to our kind."`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	The second one grins. "Any outsider landing on our homeworld must be well-known. We know you have helped our kind."`
```

			`	"It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all as it falls," the other one adds.`
				goto choice
			label take
			action
				give ship "Anomalocaris (Venerable)" "Good Omen"
					id "hai legacy"
				fine 10000000
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying technology you had no idea was forbidden, as these Korath weapons are suspicious indeed. However, it will not go on your permanent record."`
			`	You quickly realize that they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it.`
			`	"Don't forget to return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries."`
			choice
				`	(Go back to the shipyard.)`
					goto leave
				`	"Why would they mind a different ship?"`

> 			`	"As this ship is ancient they will try to preserve it."`

Author: ```suggestion
			` "As this ship is ancient, they will try to preserve it. The same might not be true for others."`
```

			`	She then glares at you. "Beware, for although there are no official rules, you must use only the Anomalocaris. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. This is my ship now."`
					goto headingout
			`	Mera grins. "Good! I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I am but an engineer, after all. I would also not want to deny my brethren and his crew the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. One that appears to be their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out," says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules, even if there are no official ones. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you." He then walks beside you.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules, even if there are no official ones. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you," He says as he moves away from the group with you.`
```

			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"This was easy!"`
				`	"It was a challenge."`
					goto challenge
			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. "I am sure you know what happens to such pilots.`
				goto next
			label challenge
			`	"Oh, so their plan almost worked after all? Maybe I should have participated in the fight too."`
			label next
			`	"Well, congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Remember, right now, your reputation with us is solely due to to that ship. If you somehow lose it because of incompetence on your own end, it would look pretty bad to us true Hai!"`
			`	Mera then walks off as she begins reviewing data from your fight on a small device. For now, it seems that the Unfettered Hai have some sort of respect for you, so long as you have the Anomalocaris.`

mission "Undeserved Anomalocaris"
	minor
	invisible
	landing
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"

> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <= 0

Author: ```suggestion
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
```

> 		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"

Author: ```suggestion
		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"
		not "Hai Legacy 3: done"
```
oh yeah they should let you keep the ship even if you attack them after winning the duel actually, thanks for bringing my attention to this

	on offer
		conversation
			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Anomalocaris, and, as you do, countless Hai hastily head to your ship, each armed with several weapons. One of them points at you and makes a declaration in front of the crowd that is quickly forming, shouting loud enough for all to hear. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old!"`
			`	One standing behind them then chimes in. "You wasted your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right! We know of what you've failed!"`
				to display
					has "Hai Legacy 3: offered"

> 			`	A more important-looking Unfettered then steps up close to you, speaking in a menacing tone. "You must surrender the ship to us immediately, along with the weapons of the savages, if you did not already rob us of those." For a moment, they look down in thought, then speak to you once more. "We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must leave the Anomalocaris with us!"`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	A more important-looking Unfettered then steps up close to you, speaking in a menacing tone. "You must surrender the ship to us immediately, along with the weapons of the savages, if you did not already rob us of those." For a moment, they look down in thought, then speak to you once more. "We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must give us the Anomalocaris!"`
```

			choice
				`	(Hand over the Anomalocaris.)`
				`	(Decline their request and leave.)`

> 					depart

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
					flee
```

Author: if I do flee it'll decline the mission which wont offer again

> 			`	You and your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and the local Unfettered militia are informed that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one - probably the leader, judging by the amount of weaponry on their person. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. In exchange, we will provide you with a suitable replacement.`

Reviewer 8: So you just leave some people on this planet?

Author: I mean you can leave crew members on any planet already by hiring and disbanding them

	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time, leaving you a brief message on your command panel: "You will not prove yourself to us by failing our requests."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, or some of the cargo was on another ship.`
	to complete
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Unfettered you bought the ship from, along with an unusually large sum of credits. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`
		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient Claim"

> 	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
	description "Defeat the Unfettered challenger in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
```

				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch, with the Unfettered rushing after you shortly after.`
				launch
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Luck has nothing to do with it. Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warriors should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
				accept
			label fleeing
			action
				fail
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they are fast to hail you. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
				decline
			label "too many ships"
			action
				fail

> 			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered ships. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey! Dishonor will get you nowhere with us true Hai!"`
```

	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -2000
		personality disables heroic marked plunders staying target unconstrained
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Ionic)" "ThunderStruck"
		on kill
			dialog `You receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying the ship is either incompetence or evil intent, and we will not have either!"`
			fail
		conversation
			`You receive a message from the Unfettered ship. "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward."`
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
		personality heroic mute marked plunders target unconstrained

> 		ship "Shield Beetle (Prototypes)" "Requiem"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		ship "Shield Beetle (Prototype)" "Requiem"
```

		conversation
			`You have managed to defeat the Unfettered challenger. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Dungeon Master"

> 		personality launching marked staying uninterested

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		personality launching marked staying uninterested pacifist
```

			label wait
			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, one more at ease than the other. "This ship means you no harm."`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto explain
				`	"Why didn't you say anything before that happened?"`
			`	The second one replies, "We could have, but where's the fun in that? We wanted to see how you would react.`
			label explain
			`	"This ship is our guarantee that nothing goes wrong, should you attempt something against us. After all, we are still not sure if we can trust you."`
			`	The two Hai then take you to a nearby cave. Crystals embedded in the walls cast a faint blue glow as you follow them, until you approach a large chamber where sunlight breaks through cracks in the walls, revealing another ship. The first Hai then speaks again. "That ship outside is not for sale. This one, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our empire used to control the stars - an Anomalocaris!"`

> 			scene "scene/cave scene"

Author: But then shouldn't we repeat the scene so we keep seeing it?

> 			scene "scene/cave scene"

Reviewer 9: Why would we need to show a scene more than once?

> 			scene "scene/cave scene"

Author: well they're still talking about the ship and we're at the same place?
it's a nice scene too

> 			scene "scene/cave scene"

Reviewer 9: It's a nice scene sure, and we're still in the same place, but the player can always scroll back up to it. We don't really keep screenshots around for "environmental feel" - they're a one-and-done thing. Same thing with Barney, same thing with the Rulei - we accept the dialog and the scene is gone, yet nothing changes in your character's vision in-game - you're still looking at the same thing.

			`	The second one now takes a step toward you to speak, almost interrupting the first. "We have a proposition for you. Should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of ten million credits - including two weapons belonging to the savage Korath!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but the second resumes before they can speak up.`
			`	"These legendary weapons can interfere with nearly any engine system! Worry not, you'll be able to recuperate the cost of this ship with ease by assisting us. A load of medical supplies is needed on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them ourselves on such short notice.`
			`	"Of course, the ship is aged, and you should not expect the best price in a shipyard. Nevertheless, it is a fine vessel, capable of fighting, freighting, and mining. So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; they simply don't make ships like this anymore."`
			label choice
			choice
				`	"I will help you."`
					goto take

> 				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting the ship from the ocean?"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting the other ship?"`
```
I think keeping this short and sweet is fine; it's not clear that it was from an ocean or lake, etc.. Also below, the option now mentions under water, and with the above, it's pretty clear this means the ship from before, since we're just staring at this new Anomalocaris.

			`	Unfortunately, you do not get a chance to ponder it, as the ship abruptly explodes, taking you and everyone else on the beach down with it.`
				die
			label miss
			`	You miss your shot. Neither the ship nor the two Hai react. You feel like you heard a chuckle, but you're not sure where it came from.`
				goto "try again"
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"
		log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, an Anomalocaris, that seems to still be in good functioning state."

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing
	name "Heritage Reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>."
	clearance
	deadline 7
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Upon returning to the spaceport, a worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates. A quick check of the shipment data shows that the cargo has already been allocated in your name. All that's left is to deliver it to <destination> by <date> for a promised sum of <payment>.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`You leave the shipyard and go to the spaceport after your encounter. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, and a quick check of the shipment data shows that the cargo has already been allocated in your name. All that's left is to deliver it to <destination> by <date> for a promised sum of <payment>.`
```
We weren't necessarily at the spaceport before. We went to the shipyard. It could be that the spaceport isn't connected to the shipyard, for example. So it feels odd when this automatically pops up when I leave the shipyard, but didn't click the spaceport button. Adjusted the sentence a bit for the change.

> 			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel:`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	As you head to back to your ship and prepare to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel:`
```
I still think bridge feels weird here. If I was in a sparrow or shuttle, I'm stuffed in a cockpit, I don't get a fancy bridge.

> 			`	"You would be wise to use the Anomalocaris as your flagship for this delivery."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"You would be wise to bring the Anomalocaris we trusted you with on your delivery."`
```
I don't *have* to use it as my flagship, and I don't get punished if I don't. I just have to make sure it comes with me. All my cargo could be in, say, a Geocoris I buy right after the encounter, and so long as the Anomalocaris is unparked and comes with me, this doesn't matter.

				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through. However, the Unfettered have suddenly stopped firing at you, and the system becomes surprisingly quiet.`
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time, leaving you a brief message on your command panel: "You will not prove yourself to us by failing our requests."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, or some of the cargo was on another ship.`
	to complete
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete

> 		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Unfettered you bought the ship from. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Unfettered you bought the ship from, along with an unusually large sum of credits. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`
```
Just realized; they're paying you 1.5mil for medical supplies. Even as a rush, that's kind of crazy. Something is fishy.

	on offer
		conversation
			`After delivering the supplies, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, initially warmer than usual compared to your previous experiences with other Unfettered.`
			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. You see, it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use it."`
			`	After a sigh, her tone then changes. "But I don't believe in any of that. What does matter to me is that ship is filled with valuable ancient technology and very durable.`
			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!" `
				to display
					has "outfit: Korath Detainer"
			`	All of a sudden, she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`

> 				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it. I'm leaving now."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it. I'm leaving now."`
```
```suggestion
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it."`
```
Like the choice below with "This is my ship now.", shortening this is fine.

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	Mera starts to look a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships, but Mera pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!"`
			`	You see the Unfettered have already begun their launching procedures, so you should prepare for takeoff in your Anomalocaris, and no other ships, as soon as you can.`
				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch, with the Unfettered rushing after you shortly after.`
				launch
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1

> 			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see the challengers already waiting for you in the system, as one sends you a hail. "Luck has nothing to do with it. Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warriors should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Luck has nothing to do with it. Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warriors should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
```

Saying "challengers" here feels weird; I know there are multiple crew members on a ship, but in ES gameplay, visually, a single ship would be referred to as singular and not plural.

				accept
			label fleeing
			action
				fail
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they are fast to hail you. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
				decline
			label "too many ships"
			action
				fail
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered ships. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`
	on disabled
		fail
		conversation

> 			`The enemy ships hail you after disabling your ship. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better give us a good bribe to land on our worlds and return that ship, before we value blowing you up more than preserving it!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`The enemy ship hails you after disabling your own. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better give us a good bribe to land on our worlds and return that ship, before we value blowing you up more than preserving it!"`
```

			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us. Maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`
	to fail
		not "flagship landed"
		has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		dialog `The Unfettered hail you. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer! It would be in your best interest to return the ship to us on Darkcloak, but any of our worlds will do."`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -2000

> 		personality disables heroic marked launching plunders staying target unconstrained

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		personality disables heroic marked plunders staying target unconstrained
```
Above, it mentions they're already waiting in the system for you.

		ship "Sea Scorpion (Ionic)" "ThunderStruck"
		on kill
			dialog `You receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying the ship is either incompetence or evil intent, and we will not have either!"`
			fail
		conversation
			`You receive a message from the Unfettered ship. "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward."`
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 		personality entering heroic mute marked plunders target unconstrained

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		personality heroic mute marked plunders target unconstrained
```
Ditto.

		ship "Shield Beetle (Prototypes)" "Requiem"
		conversation
			`You have managed to defeat the Unfettered challenger. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Dungeon Master"

> 		personality launching marked staying surveillance uninterested

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		personality launching marked staying uninterested
```
Surveillance trumps uninterested - the ship will still scan you first. Just better to leave this out so you aren't visually dogpiled.

Author: it doesn't scan much anyway

		on provoke
			dialog `Mera hails you. "Stop! I am only here as an observer. If you destroy my ship, the deal is off!"`
		on kill
			fail
			set "unfettered: outcast"

> 			dialog `As the Lightning Bug is destroyed you receive a hail from the local authorities. "You completely disrespected the rules of the duel and killed our most prominent researcher. You will not be welcome here anymore!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			dialog `As you destroy the Lightning Bug, along with Mera and her crew in it, you receive an angry hail from the Unfettered. "You completely disrespected the rules of a duel and killed one of our most prominent members! You will not be welcome here anymore!"`
```
Rewording a bit to make it more impactful. It seems odd to just say "local authorities"; just say the Unfettered in general. They probably don't even have "authorities". Also, we don't know at this point in time that Mera is a researcher, just an engineer. It would be of the Uhai's interest to say "one of" instead of "that was our best".

	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		personality unconstrained nemesis launching heroic marked
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Hunter"
	on visit
		dialog "Either you have not defeated the Unfettered challenger in orbit yet, or you have broken the terms of the duel."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		# Needed to make sure the mission doesn't auto complete if no ships spawn.

> 		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
> 		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
> 	on complete
> 		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
```
Do we need these anymore?

Author: I almost added a comment to explain why
yeah, bc if you have more than 1 ship they dont spawn, but then without this condition the mission would litteraly be completed without a fight

Author: ```suggestion
		# The condition is necessary because if you have more than one ship no enemies spawn, resulting in an auto complete without this.
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
```
if you want to apply it

		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

> 		log "Managed to use an old Anomalocaris to beat some Unfettered challengers, earning respect with the Unfettered Hai so long as the ship remains in your possession."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		log "Managed to use an ancient Hai warship to beat an Unfettered challenge, earning respect with the Unfettered Hai so long as the ship remains in your possession."
```
This seems more narrative for a log to me, but we could adjust it if you wish. We know the name of the ship, but the importance of it is its history.

		conversation

> 			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! I saw everything, and the scans of the effects of these exotic weapons will be quite useful for my research. Was it hard for you?"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! I saw everything, and the data I got on the effects of these exotic weapons will be quite useful for my research. Was it hard for you?"`
```
Since I took off the surveillance personality, this is a more generic alternative. (Also, here, she's telling you she's doing research, so that's fine compared to the angry hails above telling you she is.)

			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"This was easy!"`
				`	"It was a challenge."`
					goto challenge

> 			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. "I am sure you know what happens to such people.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. "I am sure you know what happens to such pilots.`
```
Erm, they are Hai, not people, smh. (This is more neutral.)

				goto next
			label challenge

> 			`	"Oh, so we almost got that ship back then? Maybe I should have participated in the fight after all.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, so we almost got that ship after all? Maybe I should have participated in the fight after all.`
```
Adjusted slightly keeping in mind that technically, this whole case was a ruse to get that ship smuggled to them, not necessarily give it back to them.

			label next

> 			`	"Well, congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Remember, your reputation with us is solely due to to that ship. If you somehow lose it because of incompetence on your own end, it would look pretty bad to us!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Remember, right now, your reputation with us is solely due to to that ship. If you somehow lose it because of incompetence on your own end, it would look pretty bad to us true Hai!"`
```
The rep is temporary. Also, adding a little fun at the end.

		personality unconstrained nemesis launching heroic marked
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Hunter"
	on visit
		dialog "Either you have not defeated the Unfettered challenger in orbit yet, or you have broken the terms of the duel."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		# Needed to make sure the mission doesn't auto complete if no ships spawn.
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		log "Managed to use an ancient Hai warship to beat an Unfettered challenge, earning respect with the Unfettered Hai so long as the ship remains in your possession."
		conversation
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! I saw everything, and the data I got on the effects of these exotic weapons will be quite useful for my research. Was it hard for you?"`
			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"This was easy!"`
				`	"It was a challenge."`
					goto challenge
			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. "I am sure you know what happens to such pilots.`
				goto next
			label challenge

> 			`	"Oh, so we almost got that ship after all? Maybe I should have participated in the fight after all.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, so their plan almost worked after all? Maybe I should have participated in the fight too."`
```
Whoops; it says after all twice now. This might be more interesting.

			label next
			`	"Well, congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Remember, right now, your reputation with us is solely due to to that ship. If you somehow lose it because of incompetence on your own end, it would look pretty bad to us true Hai!"`
			`	Mera then walks off as she begins reviewing data from your fight on a small device. For now, it seems that the Unfettered Hai have some sort of respect for you, so long as you have the Anomalocaris.`

mission "Undeserved Anomalocaris"
	minor
	invisible
	landing
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer

> 		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <= -1000
> 		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <= -1000
		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"
```
With these conditions, technically, if the Uhai are mad enough, this can happen before your duel mission, and you could no longer have the Anomalocaris by it. Is that intended?

Author: you get a rep reset to 0 when you enter uhai space so its fine
except if you somehow bring it back down to -1000

	on offer
		conversation
			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Anomalocaris, and, as you do, countless Unfettered head to your ship, each armed as they always are.`
			`	Except, this time, they seem even more intimidating than usual... they must want the ship.`

> 			`	One of them sends you a private message. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old, and you missed your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	One of them sends you a private message. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old, and you missed your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right!"`
```
This can display before the duel mission. What do you mean I missed the opportunity? What opportunity? What glorious battle?

Author: there's a to display here so it'd only show if you were offered the mission

Reviewer 9: This mission (Undeserved Ano) offers if you're -1000 or more, and aren't in the middle of doing Hai Legacy 2. Which means, it can offer before Hai Legacy 2, and it can offer before Hai Legacy 3. The to display says this dialog will show so long as you *don't* have Hai Legacy 3 offered.

So technically, this mission, if I'm -1000 rep with the Unfettered, can show up on the other Unfettered worlds if I decide to land there first instead of finish the delivery, and they'll be talking about this possible duel that I never got told about yet. For example, if I failed Hai Legacy 2's delivery, but kept the ship, if I landed on a Uhai world, it will still show me the dialog saying I missed a duel, when I never got offered HL3 to begin with, since the to display is based on me *not* being offered it.

Reviewer 9: TLDR it should be based on if you *have* had HL3 offered, not if you haven't.

Author: getting stuff the wrong way around does seem like smth I would do - fixed

				to display

> 					not "Hai Legacy 3: offered"

Author: ```suggestion
					has "Hai Legacy 3: offered"
```

			`	"That relic was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that for sure will earn you favor, and prove you can fight."`
				to display
					not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
			branch "has detainers"
				"outfit: Korath Detainer" > 1
			action
				fine 5000000
			`	As he takes a look at the ship manifest, he seems to notice something missing. "How dare you? You will incur a fine of <fine> for having kept that Korath technology to yourself."`
				goto nodetain
			label "has detainers"
			action
				outfit "Korath Detainer" -2
			label nodetain

> 			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship.`

Author: I cant really demand to give them back as I'd prefer this to bring closure

and JD missions instantly fix the reputation anyway so idk what else to do

> 			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship.`

Reviewer 9: Even if JD missions fix the rep, I still think it would be better to hit the rep back down and have some angry Uhai, not just a fine.

			action
				give ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Good Will"
				take ship "Anomalocaris"
					id "hai legacy"

mission "Unfettered Anomalocaris Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "ship model (all): Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night here. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest, judging by their size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`

Author: I'd assume you're pretty much the only human in UHai space

The story of you beating them with an old ship would travel quickly, I think, and I imagine they use such stories as morals for kids - dont be overconfident in this case

> 			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night here. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest, judging by their size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`

Reviewer 9: If that's the case, it would make more sense if this was less of a disney movie credit scene, and more of an odd-chance bump into a family. Right now it sounds like the type of epilogue for after the Unfettered campaign, not after a short 3 part mission where you're just a person who delivered something and beat someone in a duel. Also consider that this is only if you've lost the ship - something as grandiose as a heartful scene like this doesn't really suit a mission that simply is designed to check if you still have it or not.

> 			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night here. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest, judging by their size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`

Author: well I'm not that attached to it so definitely open to tweaking it, but I was assuming it'd take a while to lose the ship
mb make it be a timer of 360 days after that? and then this mission?

also its not checking if you have it or not, it only triggers after losing it

	landing
	name "Heritage Reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>."
	clearance
	deadline 7
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon returning to the spaceport, a worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates. A quick check of the shipment data shows that the cargo has already been allocated in your name. All that's left is to deliver it to <destination> by <date> for a promised sum of <payment>.`
			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel:`
			`	"You would be wise to use the Anomalocaris as your flagship for this delivery."`
				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0

> 			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but it is surprisingly quiet. For the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at by missiles from all sides.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through. However, the Unfettered have suddenly stopped firing at you, and the system becomes surprisingly quiet.`
```
I actually got shot upon entering the system, but once my ship was in my control again, they stopped shooting. I'm guessing that the government change happens at the same time, not necessary the moment you're flying in. That said, we can do something more interesting with the dialog like this.

	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time. You receive a short message from them: "You will not prove yourself by failing our requests."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, or some of the cargo was on another ship.`
	to complete
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete

> 		dialog `You receive a message from the associates you bought the ship from: "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment>."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Unfettered you bought the ship from. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`
```
A few things here:

Since this comes before HL 3 below, it makes sense that this is where your ship landing is talked about, not that you've gotten a message and paid, and then "as you land" occurs after the fact below. (I'll get to that in the next review chunk.)

It seems a little odd that they say they "won't forget this" in a quick manner when this mission is in actuality them setting you up to bring that ship to their world. Along with that, I made note that the message was rather brief for two who were very involved and suddenly not as important anymore (and somewhat shady since the mission is in actuality them using you to smuggle the ship. This opens up some interesting dialog options for HL3.

Above there, you also refer to them as the "Unfettered and their associates", so it's probably best to refer to the two you met as just "Unfettered".

		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient Claim"
	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you land, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual compared to your previous experiences with the Unfettered.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`After delivering the supplies, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, initially warmer than usual compared to your previous experiences with other Unfettered.`
```

> 			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use that ship to us. Luckily for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology.`
> 			`	"I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!"`
> 				to display
> 					has "outfit: Korath Detainer"
> 			`	Her tone suddenly changes as she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. You see, it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use it."
			`	After a sigh, her tone then changes. "But I don't believe in any of that. What does matter to me is that ship is filled with valuable ancient technology and very durable.`
			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!" `
				to display
					has "outfit: Korath Detainer"
			`	All of a sudden, she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
```

A bit more narrative adjustments to the writing overall with some specific changes. "To us" is unnecessary in that sentence; there's nobody else there speaking/representing the Unfettered or someone else besides the Unfettered themselves. "Luckily for you" doesn't really seem appropriate because she still wants the ship and wants to fight for it, so regardless of Hai history or her desires in the ship, you still have to fight. That said, her tone should change earlier in the dialog since she greeted you warmly, and all of a sudden is talking about why she (really) likes your ship.

			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it. I'm leaving now."`
					goto headingout
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win

> 			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds. In order to keep our respect, this Anomalocaris may not be destroyed or sold, until you prove yourself another way. This is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here without paying a fee.`
> 			`	"Beware, for there are no official rules, other than the fact that you may only use this one ship. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Mera turns around, talking to other Unfettered for a bit before addressing you again. "You will win the right to access our worlds. But, in order to keep our respect, you must keep this Anomalocaris in good condition until you prove yourself another way. It is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here.`
			`	She then glares at you. "Beware, for although there are no official rules, you must use only the Anomalocaris. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
```
A few more additions and changes narratively. It's a little odd she all of a sudden is speaking for all the Unfettered without pause about what winning means, as if she's not just an engineer but a leader of all of them, so I've added a little intro to that. Saying don't sell or destroy the ship is a bit too on the nose, I think it's fine we just say, "keep it in good condition" meaning the same thing. And again, more breaking up quotes. We try to avoid having multiple lines if the conversation is short, but if we do so, it's good to add a bit more narrative element to it where feasible.

Author: she isn't *really* a leader but she makes prototypes weapons they all want to try, giving her influence
but the changes sound good

			choice
				`	"I accept."`

> 				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. If you want it, you'll have to chase me down. No duel."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. This is my ship now."`
```
I think this is too explicit. She has to chase you down? What about just fighting you anyways in a duel? You can say no but they can still fight you, or blow you up even now. So it's better to just keep this generic (with a hint of sass).

					goto headingout

> 			`	"Good! Of course, I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I am but an engineer, after all. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Mera grins. "Good! I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I am but an engineer, after all. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
```
I wouldn't say that's "of course". She did just personally challenge me without saying otherwise.

> 			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
> 			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. One that appears to be leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
```

			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out," says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you. Naturally, since this is a duel nobody other than us may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules, even if there are no official ones. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you." He then walks beside you.`
			`Naturally, this is a duel nobody other than us may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all.`
```
Splitting up this a bit since it does drag on a little as a quote. Also, you just got done saying there are no rules. But now there are implicit ones? Added a bit referencing that.

			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`
			# This is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles or so.

> 			`	He suddenly looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you," he says with a sudden change of tone before leaving.`
> 				to display

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	He then looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes, with a sudden change of tone. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you".`
				to display
```

					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 			`	Mera comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the Unfettered have already begun their launching procedures, so you prepare for takeoff as soon as you can.`
> 			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Anomalocaris.)`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Mera starts to look a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships, but Mera pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!"`
			`	You see the Unfettered have already begun their launching procedures, so you should prepare for takeoff in your Anomalocaris, and no other ships, as soon as you can.`
```
Mera didn't go anywhere; the leader walked up to you. Broke up the dialog a bit more too.

I'm still not convinced we need a line in her specifically telling the player to do this. I think it's actually more interesting we don't; if part of the results of the mission are based on if the player listens to the rules or not, let's have the player make that choice anyways. With the line included, it only means the player would chose to do it intentionally, but it would be interesting if the player chose that without being reminded, or even did it by mistake. Remember, we have saves. They can always just reload. That said, I did add a part of that more into the narration itself.

Author: A lesson for not reading the text, essentially?
I don't like to make the saves themselves justify stuff in the game, thats why I made sure you can just lose this duel and be fine by bribing them and landing - even though you will lose the ship, of course

Reviewer 9: In the suggestion above, while I did remove the explicit (Do this), I did incorporate it still into the narration. It still says you should prepare to take off in the Ano and no other ships.

				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"

> 			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but shortly after they begin to follow you.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch, with the Unfettered rushing after you shortly after.`
```
They certainly have time to react if you're going all the way over to your ship.

			`	After waiting for some time, you spot two hooded figures further down the beach making their way toward you, and you start to doubt whether or not this was a good idea. Even when they're close enough to speak, their faces somehow remain impossible to glimpse beneath the hoods. "Hello, <last>," one says to you. "We are sorry for the secrecy, but the truth is, we cannot afford to take risks. It is best for all if you do not know who we are, and we needed a secluded area to speak to you."`
			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto "tell me"
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away.)`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label "train back"
			`	Without any incidents, you return to the train station and buy a ticket back to the spaceport.`
				decline
			label know
			`	The second one grins. "Any outsider landing on our homeworld must be well-known. We know you have provided various assistances to our kind."`
			`	"Though do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," the first adds with a serious tone.`
				to display

> 					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250

Author: I probably should put an explanation in a comment
It starts at -1k so -250 is just stealing a beetle
Mb it should be lower

> 					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250

Reviewer 9: No, that makes sense. I see now that like I was pondering, you do start off at -1000. So I would say -250 makes sense for "skirmishes".

			`	But it is no monster. It's a ship, and its guns are pointed straight at you!`
			label "try again"
			scene "scene/emerging ladybug"
			choice
				`	(Run!)`
				`	(Wait.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Try to contact my fleet for help.)`
					to display
						"total ships" > 1
				`	(Shoot it!)`
					goto foolish
			`	As you try to react, the Hai closest to you firmly grabs your arm and shouts through the noise. "Wait! If this ship wanted to kill you, <last>, you would already be dead."`
			label wait
			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, one more at ease than the other. "This ship means you no harm."`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto explain
				`	"Why didn't you say anything before that happened?"`
			`	The second one replies, "We could have, but where's the fun in that? We wanted to see how you would react.`
			label explain
			`	"This ship is our guarantee that nothing goes wrong, should you attempt something against us. After all, we are still not sure if we can trust you."`

> 			`	The two Hai then take you to a nearby cave, showing you another ship. The first one speaks again. "That ship outside is not for sale. This ship, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our empire used to control the stars - an Anomalocaris!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	The two Hai then take you to a nearby cave. Crystals embedded in the walls cast a faint blue glow as you follow them, until you approach a large chamber where sunlight breaks through cracks in the walls, revealing another ship. The first Hai then speaks again. "That ship outside is not for sale. This ship, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our empire used to control the stars - an Anomalocaris!"`
```
This is the main ship of the mission; it should get its own grandiose reveal, instead of just "The Hai take you to another ship".

			scene "scene/cave scene"

> 			`	The second one now takes a step toward you to speak, almost interrupting the first. "We have a proposition for you: should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of 10 million credits, including 2 weapons of the savage Korath!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but the second resumes before they can speak up. "These legendary weapons can interfere with nearly any enemy engine system! Worry not, you'll be able to recuperate the cost of this ship with ease by bringing medical supplies to the Unfettered. This cargo is needed on short notice, on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	The second one now takes a step toward you to speak, almost interrupting the first. "We have a proposition for you. Should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of ten million credits - including two weapons belonging to the savage Korath!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but the second resumes before they can speak up. `
			`	"These legendary weapons can interfere with nearly any engine system! Worry not, you'll be able to recuperate the cost of this ship with ease by assisting us. A load of medical supplies is needed on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them ourselves on such short notice.`
```

A few changes here:

The colon feels weird to me to use in a character's speech.
Generally we write out smaller numbers.
Indented part of the dialog at the interesting point.
Not everything you shoot at is going to be an enemy.
The "bring supplies to the unfettered" bit is kind of already said earlier in this conversation, so I've elected to reword it a bit.

			`	"Of course, the ship is aged, and you should not expect the best price in a shipyard. Nevertheless, it is a fine vessel, capable of fighting, freighting, and mining. So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; they simply don't make ships like this anymore."`
			label choice
			choice

> 				`	"I'll take the... Anomalocaris, was it?"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
				`	"I will help you."`
```
The player isn't choosing to take the ship, they're choosing to assist the Uhai, with the ship being a reward after the thought.

					goto take
				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting the ship from the ocean?"`
					to display
						not "unfettered: pilot dialog"
					goto pilot
				`	"Why was the other ship submerged?"`
					to display
						not "unfettered: ocean dialog"
					goto ocean
				`	"No, thanks. I'm not looking to add another ship to my fleet."`

> 			`	The two Hai look disappointed. "A shame. We will probably not meet again. Farewell," one says. They signal the ship from earlier to submerge into the ocean again and walk off along the beach.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	The two Hai look disappointed. "A shame. We will probably not meet again," one says. "It is best you forget we have met here," says the other. They signal the ship from earlier to submerge into the ocean again and walk off along the beach.`
```
Based on earlier conversations, this whole ordeal is discreet, so it makes sense to mention that you should forget about this if you decide against it. Though, "farewell" doesn't really fit into this, but I don't think it's necessary for a discreet goodbye.

				goto "train back"
			label pilot
			action
				set "unfettered: pilot dialog"

> 			`	"Actually, it's a 'what,' not a-" starts the first one, but they are again interrupted by the second.`

Reviewer 9: I'm still not sure about the references to an advanced shipborne AI in this mission series. If they have a powerful AI capable of piloting the ship, why would they ask you to do a cargo run for them if the AI can just do it itself? Why would they give it to you only for them to disable it? And if this is meant to be a test, it doesn't make sense that they mention this to be of urgency. I will ask for other opinions as well.

			`	"The less you know, the better for all of us, Captain."`
				goto choice
			label ocean
			action
				set "unfettered: ocean dialog"
			`	"We found it there," the first one answers.`

> 			`	"It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all," the other one adds.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all as it falls," the other one adds.`
```
If we're referencing a storm and not an ocean, this makes sense.

				goto choice
			label take
			action
				give ship "Anomalocaris (Venerable)" "Good Omen"
					id "hai legacy"
				fine 10000000

> 			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying technology you had no idea was forbidden, and it will not go on your permanent record. These Korath weapons are suspicious-looking indeed."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying technology you had no idea was forbidden, as these Korath weapons are suspicious indeed. However, it will not go on your permanent record."`
```
Makes more sense to tie in the "suspicion" with the mention of the weapons. Also cut the "looking", as the weapons themselves are suspicious, not just their appearance.

			`	You quickly realize that they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it.`

> 			`	"Oh, I almost forgot: make sure you return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries. Arriving in a different ship or with a supporting fleet will unnerve the Unfettered."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Don't forget to return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries. Arriving in a different ship or with a supporting fleet will unnerve the Unfettered."`
```
The Hai probably wouldn't forget such an important part of this conversation. If anything, they should remind you not to forget.

			choice

> 				`	(Go back to the shipyard.)`

Reviewer 9: The above says that using another ship will upset the Unfettered, but does not elaborate. Maybe have another choice here to explain why.

> 			`	They walk away far enough so that you cannot hear them, leaving you with the access codes to the ship so you can bring it to the shipyard. With the aid of a surprisingly advanced navigation AI, you manage to bring it all the way there effortlessly despite the ship's multiple crew design. When you arrive, however, the AI shuts down without explanation, and you're forced to use a full crew complement.`

Author: well the landing is automated iirc
this is just a landing procedure that has a weird angle to it if you will (dont need to fight or whatever with it, it's a hardcoded path)

				accept
			label foolish
			`	You get your weapon out and proceed to shoot on the ship.`
			branch miss
				random < 50
			branch lucky?
				random < 2
			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state.`

> 			`	The ship then shoots a warning shot on the ground with its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles, causing a geyser of sand to erupt on you and forcing you to drop your weapon. One of the two Hai approaches you, seemingly disappointed. "You're lucky to still be alive, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`

Reviewer 8: Would using the label that is also linked to elsewhere work?

> 			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state.`
> 			`	The ship then shoots a warning shot on the ground with its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles, causing a geyser of sand to erupt on you and forcing you to drop your weapon. One of the two Hai approaches you, seemingly disappointed. "You're lucky to still be alive, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Your shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even if it is somewhat worn. The ship then shoots back at you, barely missing and causing a geyser of sand to erupt at you and force you to drop your weapon. One of the two Hai then approaches you, seemingly disappointed.` 
			`	"You're lucky to still be alive, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`
```
A few edits here. Combined the two indents the incidents are tied together, and there's not much narrative value of singling out the first sentence. Instead, I've indented the last part, which is more pronounced as it is the result of things. Also, it would be better not to be explicit about the type of weapon (and it is odd for a ship to fire an AM at anything that isn't a missile, since they're presumably automated).

				decline
			label lucky?

> 			`	You manage to land a shot on the ship, although it seems to do nothing to the large spacecraft before you. Then you hear a small explosion. You aren't sure whether the damaged ship's systems failed on their own, or if by some stroke of luck, your shot did something to it.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	You manage to land a shot, although it seems to do nothing to the large spacecraft before you. Then you hear a small explosion. You aren't sure whether the damaged ship's systems failed on their own, or if by some stroke of luck, your shot did something to it.`
```
"Ship" and then "Spacecraft" in the same sentence are a bit redundant.

			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel, from your "associates," probably:`
			`	"Use the Anomalocaris as your flagship.`
			`	"Do not bring any other ships, as they are not needed for the cargo and would only be a liability at best in Unfettered space, when they could easily provoke them at worst."`
			`	Given the potential dangers of that area of space, it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design of the Anomalocaris, or perhaps customize it more to your own liking, especially if you plan to deliver the cargo in only this single ship, as requested.`
				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			branch "wrong flagship"
				not "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			branch "not single ship"
				"total ships" != 1
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0

> 			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but it is surprisingly quiet. For the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at by missiles from all sides. They're not hailing you either. Perhaps they think you're one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo and the ship you're flying.`

Author: thats why I used to have a custom swizzle until I was asked to remove it

> 			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but it is surprisingly quiet. For the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at by missiles from all sides. They're not hailing you either. Perhaps they think you're one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo and the ship you're flying.`

Reviewer 10: I also removed the bit about them hailing you, since it appears that you can still get hails from the Unfettered during this mission.
```suggestion
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but it is surprisingly quiet. For the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at by missiles from all sides.`
```

				accept
			label "not single ship"
			`You enter the system, and, for a brief moment, nobody is shooting you.`

> 			`	The Unfettered quickly change their mind, however, as soon as your escorts enter the system. They happily head your way, weapons ready to loot your cargo. It becomes clear you should have come with only the Anomalocaris, as the associates suggested.`

Author: is it really too much? caus I want players to realize what went wrong, not sure how obvious it is

> 			`	The Unfettered quickly change their mind, however, as soon as your escorts enter the system. They happily head your way, weapons ready to loot your cargo. It becomes clear you should have come with only the Anomalocaris, as the associates suggested.`

Reviewer 10: It was repeatedly said before the mission, I feel like adding it here is overkill.

			`	"I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!"`
				to display
					has "outfit (flagship installed): Korath Detainer"
			`	Her tone suddenly changes as she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it." (Leave.)`
					goto headingout
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win

> 			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meager daily fee of 600 credits. In order to keep our respect, this Anomalocaris may not be destroyed or sold, until you prove yourself another way. This is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here without paying a fee.`

Author: that was removed, actually

			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." says a third.`
			label scare
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you. Naturally, this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`

> 			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`

Reviewer 10: Why would he say that some may die, when you're not supposed to capture or destroy your opponent's ship?

Author: If you destroy it it wont fail the mission (supposedly a mistake), except if you kill all of them

Reviewer 9: I agree with roadrunner; this seems a bit too vague (especially for something like death) for a mission that is already very specific in how you approach it.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"To the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`
```
not sure how to phrase it other than removing it

			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but shortly after they begin to follow you.`
				launch
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see the challengers already waiting for you in the system. They hail you, "Luck has nothing to do with it. Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warriors should. Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ship, yet still have the restrain not to destroy them."`
				accept
			label fleeing
			action
				fail
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and hail you. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
				decline
			label "too many ships"
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, You receive a hail from the Unfettered, "If you can't even count how many ships you have you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`
			action
				fail
	on disabled
		fail
		conversation

> 			`The enemy ships hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we value blowing you up higher than preserving that ship!"`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`The enemy ships hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we value blowing you up more than preserving that ship!"`
```

					"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -2000
			`	"Do not declare victory too soon, however, for we were not the only ones you had to beat," another adds.`
			label "good or bad enough"
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
		personality unconstrained entering plunders target heroic mute marked
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"
		conversation
			branch "first one"
				not "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
			`You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
				goto score
			label "first one"
			`You receive no hail from this extra challenger, but there can be no doubt that they are indeed defeated.`
			label score
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"
		personality launching staying surveillance marked
		on disable

> 			dialog `Mera hails you: "Stop! I am only here as an observer. If you destroy my ship, the deal is off!"`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			dialog `Mera hails you. "Stop! I am only here as an observer. If you destroy my ship, the deal is off!"`
```

		on kill
			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
			set "unfettered: outcast"
			dialog `As the Lightning Bug is destroyed you receive a hail from the local authorities, "You completely disrespected the rules of the duel and killed our most prominent researcher. You will not be welcome here anymore!"`
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		personality unconstrained nemesis launching heroic marked
		fleet
			names "hai"
			variant
				"Sea Scorpion (Ionic)"
	on visit
		dialog "Either you have not defeated all of the Unfettered challengers in orbit yet, or you have broken the terms of their duel."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		clear "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		log "Managed to use an old Anomalocaris to beat some Unfettered challengers, earning respect with the Unfettered Hai so long as the ship remains in your possession."
		conversation

> 			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! At least it was close, right? Or did the captains make stories to justify their incompetence already like the cowards they are?"`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! At least it was close, right? Or did the captains make stories to justify their incompetence, like the cowards they are?"`
```

mission "Undeserved Anomalocaris"
	minor
	invisible
	landing
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <= -1000
		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Anomalocaris, and, as you do, countless Unfettered head to your ship, each armed as they always are.`
			`	Except, this time, they seem even more intimidating than usual... They must want the ship.`
			`	One of them sends you a private message. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old, and you missed your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right!"`
				to display
					not "Hai Legacy 3: offered"
			`	"We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must surrender this one, and the savage Korath's weapons, if you did not already rob us of those," one of them explains to you in a menacing tone.`
			`	Another one steps forward, "We will allow to keep the outfits, provided you give it to us on Darkcloak," they say in a somewhat diplomatic tone.`
				to display
					not "flagship planet: Darkcloak"

> 			`	Another one steps forward, "Since you so kindly came to Darkcloak to deliver the ship to us, we will allow you to buy back any outfits you may still desire, as a courtesy," they say in a somewhat diplomatic tone.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	Another one steps forward, "Since you so kindly came to Darkcloak to deliver the ship to us, we will allow you to buy back any outfits you may still desire, as a courtesy."`
```

				to display
					has "flagship planet: Darkcloak"
			choice
				`	(Let them have it.)`
				`	(Take off, now!)`
					depart

> 			`	You and your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one, probably the leader judging by their rare dual pulse pistols. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. In exchange, we have decided to provide you with a suitable replacement, that should hopefully allow you to exit our space safely.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	You and your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one - probably the leader judging by the amount of weaponry on their person. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. In exchange, we have decided to provide you with a suitable replacement, that should hopefully allow you to exit our space safely.`
```

> 			`	"That relic was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that for sure will be earning you favor, and prove you can fight."`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	"That relic was not meant for you, but remember that there are other ways for you to prove yourself." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that for sure will earn you favor, and prove you can fight."`
```

				to display
					not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
			branch "has detainers"
				"outfit: Korath Detainer" > 1
			action
				fine 5000000
			`	As he takes a look at the ship manifest, he seems to notice something missing. "How dare you? You will incur a fine of <fine> for having kept that Korath technology to yourself."`
				goto nodetain
			label "has detainers"
			action
				outfit "Korath Detainer" -2
			label nodetain

> 			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship. You may want to get a better one, or at least upgrade this one in order to escape safely. It may be wise to bribes to get out in one piece.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship.`
```

			action
				give ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Good Will"
				take ship "Anomalocaris"
					id "hai legacy"

mission "Unfettered Anomalocaris Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "ship model (all): Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night there. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest judging by his size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`

Reviewer 10: > eating corn around a campfire.

How do the Unfettered have access to a human crop?
```suggestion
			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night there. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest judging by his size, sees you and tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`
```

Author: the hai have corn as well dont they?
is it named differently or smth?

Reviewer 5: > How do the Unfettered have access to a human crop?

Captured from human merchants during their raids, probably? Either that or acquired from humans by the Hai through trade and then either acquired by the Unfettered in a raid or given to them as 'tribute'.

> 			`	You start to explain how the fight went, but before you can explain much, the young one interrupts you, speaking to the others, "See? There is no way they lost the ship, if they fought so well with it!" The parent speaks again, trying to console the child. "That great ship may be lost, but everything has to end at one point, and its time of glory was already behind it."`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	You start to explain how the fight went, but before you can explain much, the young one interrupts you, speaking to the others. "See? There is no way they lost the ship, if they fought so well with it!" The parent speaks again, trying to console the child. "That great ship may be lost, but everything has to end at one point, and its time of glory was already behind it."`
```

			choice
				`	"How did you learn about the lost of the ship?"`
				`	"Nonsense, I still have the ship."`
			`	The elder of the group speaks, raising her hand to gather attention, her tone commanding respect. "That ship had an emergency locator, a relic of an age where the Hai Empire was fighting wars on different fronts, and we needed a way to find a ship if its crew had been lost in battle. It sent a short signal, meaning it was either taken apart or destroyed. Tell me, which is it?" As she says this she looks at you deep in the eye, as if she was gazing into your soul.`
			choice
				`	"It was lost in a great battle!"`
				`	"I sold the ship."`
					goto sold
			`	She seems proud, "At least it got the end it deserved!"`
				goto leave
			label sold

> 			`	"You... what? One of the most important relics of my people, and you just sold it? At least you have the guts to own it, young human."`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	"You... what? One of the most important relics of my people, and you just sold it? At least you had the courage to earn it, young human."`
```

			label wait
			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, one more at ease than the other. "This ship means you no harm."`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto explain
				`	"Why didn't you say anything before that happened?"`
			`	The second one replies, "We could have, but where's the fun in that? We wanted to see how you would react.`
			label explain
			`	"This ship is our guarantee that nothing goes wrong, should you attempt something against us. After all, we are still not sure if we can trust you."`
			`	The two Hai then take you to a nearby cave. Crystals embedded in the walls cast a faint blue glow as you follow them, until you approach a large chamber where sunlight breaks through cracks in the walls, revealing another ship. The first Hai then speaks again. "That ship outside is not for sale. This ship, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our empire used to control the stars - an Anomalocaris!"`
			scene "scene/cave scene"

> 			`	The second one now takes a step toward you to speak, almost interrupting the first. "We have a proposition for you. Should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of ten million credits - including two weapons belonging to the savage Korath!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but the second resumes before they can speak up. `

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	The second one now takes a step toward you to speak, almost interrupting the first. "We have a proposition for you. Should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of ten million credits - including two weapons belonging to the savage Korath!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but the second resumes before they can speak up.`
```

			`	You quickly realize that they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it.`
			`	"Don't forget to return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries. Arriving in a different ship or with a supporting fleet will unnerve the Unfettered."`
			choice
				`	(Go back to the shipyard.)`
			`	They walk away far enough so that you cannot hear them, leaving you with the access codes to the ship so you can bring it to the shipyard. With the aid of a surprisingly advanced navigation AI, you manage to bring it all the way there effortlessly despite the ship being designed for multiple crew members. When you arrive, however, the AI shuts down without explanation, and you're forced to use a full crew complement.`
				accept
			label foolish
			`	You get your weapon out and proceed to shoot on the ship.`
			branch miss
				random < 50
			branch lucky?
				random < 2

> 			`	Your shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even if it is somewhat worn. The ship then shoots back at you, barely missing and causing a geyser of sand to erupt at you and force you to drop your weapon. One of the two Hai then approaches you, seemingly disappointed.` 

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	Your shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even if it is somewhat worn. The ship then shoots back at you, barely missing and causing a geyser of sand to erupt at you and force you to drop your weapon. One of the two Hai then approaches you, seemingly disappointed.`
```

			`	"Use the Anomalocaris as your flagship.`
			`	"Do not bring any other ships into Unfettered space, as they are not needed for the cargo. They would only be a liability at best and a provocation at worst."`
			`	Given the potential dangers of that area of space, it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design of the Anomalocaris, or perhaps customize it more to your own liking, especially if you plan to deliver the cargo in only this single ship.`
				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			branch "wrong flagship"
				not "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			branch "not single ship"
				"total ships" != 1
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but it is surprisingly quiet. For the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at by missiles from all sides.`
				accept
			label "not single ship"
			`You enter the system, and, for a brief moment, nobody is shooting you.`

> 			`	The Unfettered quickly change their mind, however, as soon as your escorts enter the system. They happily head your way, weapons ready to loot your cargo.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	The Unfettered quickly change their minds, however, as soon as your escorts enter the system. They happily head your way, weapons ready to loot your cargo.`
```
Still doesn't work if you do Shift-J though.

		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Unfettered you bought the ship from. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`
		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient Claim"
	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`After delivering the supplies, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, initially warmer than usual compared to your previous experiences with other Unfettered.`

> 			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. You see, it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use it."

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. You see, it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use it."`
```

> 

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
```

	name "Ancient Claim"
	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you land, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual based on your experiences with the Unfettered.` 

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`As you land, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual based on your experiences with the Unfettered.`
```

> 			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use that ship to us. Lucky for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use that ship to us. Luckily for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology.`
```

			`	"I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!"`
				to display
					has "outfit (flagship installed): Korath Detainer"
			`	Her tone suddenly changes as she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`

> 				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it." (Leave.)`

Reviewer 8: Normally, actions aren't at the same time as dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it. I'm leaving now."`
```

This could be an alternative. I also think it's fine as-is.

Reviewer 8: ~consistency is the reason~ Your way looks pretty good.

			`	Mera grins. "Good! I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I am but an engineer, after all. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. One that appears to be their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out," says a third.`
			label scare
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules, even if there are no official ones. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you." He then walks beside you.`

> 			`Naturally, this is a duel nobody other than us may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all.`
> 			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`Naturally, this is a duel nobody other than us may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all. To the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`
```
If we're dropping the furthermore, it reads better as another small paragraph (considering there could yet be another indent below).

			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare

> 			`	"I guess we'll find out." says a third.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"I guess we'll find out," says a third.`
```

> 			`	He then looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes, with a sudden change of tone. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you".`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	He then looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you".`
```
His tone was seriously already; what would the sudden change of tone be? Anger? Slyness? Suddenly looking at you intensively in the eyes is telling enough for the statement that follows after.

			`	You see the Unfettered have already begun their launching procedures, so you should prepare for takeoff in your Anomalocaris, and no other ships, as soon as you can.`
				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch, with the Unfettered rushing after you shortly after.`
				launch
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1

> 			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see the challengers already waiting for you in the system. They hail you, "Luck has nothing to do with it. Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warriors should. Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ship, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them."`
> 				accept

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see the challengers already waiting for you in the system, as one sends you a hail. "Luck has nothing to do with it. Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warriors should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
				accept
```
"They hail you, "Luck-" " is an odd way to write that. Also, keep the exclamations! They're excited!

			label fleeing
			action
				fail

> 			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and hail you. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they are fast to hail you. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
```

				decline
			label "too many ships"
			action
				fail

> 			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, You receive a hail from the Unfettered. "If you can't even count how many ships you have you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered ships. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`
```

	on disabled
		fail
		conversation

> 			`The enemy ships hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we value blowing you up more than preserving that ship!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`The enemy ships hail you after disabling your ship. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better give us a good bribe to land on our worlds and return that ship, before we value blowing you up more than preserving it!"`
```

				to display
					has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
				decline

> 			`One of the enemy ships hails you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`After your ship is disabled, one of the Unfettered ships hails you. "You have lost the challenge, but we didn't expect much from a human like you. We will repair your ship for a fair bribe, but you better land at one of our worlds and return it to us with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
```
Give them a bit more sass; they were just talking you down!

When they see fit? Considering all that's happened, that should be now.

Also changed failed to lost; failed has a good impact in the line below this if it's the only time it's said.

> 			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us, but maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us. Maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`
```
I feel this reads better, but I'm not married to it.

> 			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, You receive a hail from the Unfettered, "If you can't even count how many ships you have you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, You receive a hail from the Unfettered. "If you can't even count how many ships you have you're not worthy of our time, monkey!"`
```

		fail
		conversation

> 			`The enemy ships hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we value blowing you up more than preserving that ship!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`The enemy ships hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we decide that we value blowing you up more than preserving that ship!"`
```

Reviewer 9: I feel like this takes away a bit of the Hai's character; it makes them sound a bit too thorough in their speech. The original is fine.

Reviewer 8: It doesn't sound grammatically correct, but I suppose they don't speak Basic as well as the player.

Reviewer 9: It is grammatically correct. It's saying they value blowing something up more. Stating that you value one thing over the other, regardless of it its an action or object, is grammatically correct. Your option is too, but it's changing the value from the action itself to the decision of the action, and is slightly more wordy.

Reviewer 8: _sound_. I suppose though.

				to display
					has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
				decline

> 			`The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`

Reviewer 8: I vs. we?

Reviewer 9: This sounds fine. The "we" is referring to them as a group taking the ship away, and the "I" is the Hai that is speaking, about suggesting how to deal with their people. Any we or us refers to the Uhai, and the I's refer to the individual speaking.

Reviewer 8: But it is "ships" hailing you, so I is out of place.

Reviewer 9: It's still the "I" as in the pilot of the ship who hailed you, and them saying "we' as in referring to them group taking the ship, and "us" being the Uhai. The pilot is using "I" as in they themselves will repair your ship for a bribe (not the entire group flying at you and repairing your ship", and "I" suggest landing, as they're the one sending the hail, not all the other ships.

Reviewer 8: I'm not sure I get what you're saying. It explicitly says "ships," so I would assume that they are all hailing.

Reviewer 9: Yeah. So I'd say the error is in "The enemy ships hail you", and it should be, "One of the ships hail you", because the whole conversation comes from one specific pilot/is all in one quote block"; rather than change several parts of the dialog, the plurality should be changed. Less changes = better.

Reviewer: > I'm not sure I get what you're saying. It explicitly says "ships," so I would assume that they are all hailing.

It seems to be only one ship talking. Also, perhaps it should be changed to this:

```suggestion
			`The one of the enemy ships hails you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
```

Reviewer 8: Forgot to take out the The 😉.
```suggestion
			`One of the enemy ships hails you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
```

	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		personality disables heroic marked launching plunders staying target unconstrained
		ship "Lightning Bug (Ionic)" "Eraser"
		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"
		on kill

> 			dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			dialog `When you destroy the last ship, you receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and we will not have either!"`
```
No need to say it's a dueling ship.

				fail
		conversation

> 			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward, so long as you do not capture our ships."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships. "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward, but do not try anything else."`
```
Again I feel this is being to explicit with game mechanics. This changes it to be more narrative - just don't do anything else to them.

> 		personality unconstrained launching plunders staying target heroic disables marked

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		personality disables heroic marked launching plunders staying target unconstrained
```

		ship "Lightning Bug" "Thunder"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Lighting"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Pulse)" "Struck"

> 		on kill

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
on kill
```

> 				dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera. She sounds angry, "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
				dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`
```

> 				dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera. She sounds angry, "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
				dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera. She sounds angry, "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`
```

> 				dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			dialog `When you destroy the last dueling ship, you receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying one or two ships in the middle of the action could be understood. But all of them? That's either incompetence or evil intent, and I will not have either."`
```

> 				fail

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
					fail
```
This looks like it will fix the tests, if combined with the other thing at the top of my review.

> 					fail

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
				fail
```

		conversation
			`You receive a message from the remaining Unfettered ships: "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward, so long as you do not capture our ships."`
			branch "good or bad enough"
				or
					has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
					"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -2000
			`	"Do not declare victory too soon, however, for we were not the only ones you had to beat," another adds.`
			label "good or bad enough"
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 		personality unconstrained entering plunders target heroic mute marked

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		personality entering heroic mute marked plunders target unconstrained
```

		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Requiem"
		system "Hi Yahr"
		conversation
			branch "first one"
				not "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
			`You have managed to defeat the last of the Unfettered challengers. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
				goto score
			label "first one"
			`You receive no hail from this extra challenger, but there can be no doubt that they are indeed defeated.`
			label score
			action
				set "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"

> 		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)"

Reviewer 5: This one needs a name.

![image](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/18634983/9a22ae3d-ca79-40b6-9653-d5dc2d7b808f)

Author: ```suggestion
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Eye in the Sky"
```
Maybe this given its not a warlord ship
Or Dungeon Master or smth like that?

Reviewer 8: [probably a bad idea] if you want to be mysterious, you could do;
```suggestion
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Oubliette Ruler"
```
Both the downside and the upside is that very few people will know what it means, and it will sound strange.

> 		personality launching staying surveillance marked

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		personality launching marked staying surveillance
```

		on disable
			dialog `Mera hails you. "Stop! I am only here as an observer. If you destroy my ship, the deal is off!"`
		on kill

> 			fail "Hai Legacy 3"

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			fail
```

			set "unfettered: outcast"

> 			dialog `As the Lightning Bug is destroyed you receive a hail from the local authorities, "You completely disrespected the rules of the duel and killed our most prominent researcher. You will not be welcome here anymore!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			dialog `As the Lightning Bug is destroyed you receive a hail from the local authorities. "You completely disrespected the rules of the duel and killed our most prominent researcher. You will not be welcome here anymore!"`
```

	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		personality unconstrained nemesis launching heroic marked
		fleet
			names "hai"
			variant
				"Sea Scorpion (Ionic)"
	on visit
		dialog "Either you have not defeated all of the Unfettered challengers in orbit yet, or you have broken the terms of their duel."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		clear "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		log "Managed to use an old Anomalocaris to beat some Unfettered challengers, earning respect with the Unfettered Hai so long as the ship remains in your possession."
		conversation
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! At least it was close, right? Or did the captains make stories to justify their incompetence, like the cowards they are?"`

> 			choice

Reviewer: I think there should be another choice where you say something less positive about the duel, something like "That was close." or "I can't believe I won."

				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`

> 			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. "I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
```

			label next
			`	"Well, congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Remember, your reputation with us is solely due to to that ship. If you somehow lose it because of incompetence on your own end, it would look pretty bad to us!"`
			`	Mera then walks off as she begins reviewing data from your fight on a small device. For now, it seems that the Unfettered Hai have some sort of respect for you, so long as you have the Anomalocaris.`

mission "Undeserved Anomalocaris"
	minor
	invisible
	landing
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <= -1000
		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Anomalocaris, and, as you do, countless Unfettered head to your ship, each armed as they always are.`

> 			`	Except, this time, they seem even more intimidating than usual... They must want the ship.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	Except, this time, they seem even more intimidating than usual... they must want the ship.`
```

			`	One of them sends you a private message. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old, and you missed your opportunity for a glorious battle to earn that right!"`
				to display
					not "Hai Legacy 3: offered"

> 			`	"We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must surrender this one, and the savage Korath's weapons, if you did not already rob us of those," one of them explains to you in a menacing tone.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must surrender this one, and the weapons of the savage Korath, if you did not already rob us of those," one of them explains to you in a menacing tone.`
```

> 			`	Another one steps forward, "We will allow you to keep the outfits, provided you give the ship to us on Darkcloak."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	Another one steps forward. "We will allow you to keep the outfits, provided you give the ship to us on Darkcloak."`
```

				to display
					not "flagship planet: Darkcloak"
			`	Another one steps forward, "Since you so kindly came to Darkcloak to deliver the ship to us, we will allow you to buy back any outfits you may still desire, as a courtesy."`
				to display
					has "flagship planet: Darkcloak"
			choice
				`	(Let them have it.)`
				`	(Take off, now!)`
					depart

> 			`	You and your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one - probably the leader judging by the amount of weaponry on their person. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. In exchange, we have decided to provide you with a suitable replacement, that should hopefully allow you to exit our space safely.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	You and your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and you inform the local Unfettered militia that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one - probably the leader, judging by the amount of weaponry on their person. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. In exchange, we have decided to provide you with a suitable replacement, that should hopefully allow you to exit our space safely.`
```

				to display
					not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
			branch "has detainers"
				"outfit: Korath Detainer" > 1
			action
				fine 5000000
			`	As he takes a look at the ship manifest, he seems to notice something missing. "How dare you? You will incur a fine of <fine> for having kept that Korath technology to yourself."`
				goto nodetain
			label "has detainers"
			action
				outfit "Korath Detainer" -2
			label nodetain
			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship.`
			action
				give ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Good Will"
				take ship "Anomalocaris"
					id "hai legacy"

mission "Unfettered Anomalocaris Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "ship model (all): Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night there. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest judging by his size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night here. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest judging by his size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably his parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`
```
Or
```suggestion
			`You see the sun slowly disappear into the horizon as you land on this planet, indicating it is already night here. Shortly after exiting your ship, you see a group of Unfettered Hai sitting on the side of the path, eating corn around a campfire. One of them, probably the youngest, judging by their size, tries to get your attention by calling you repeatedly. "Captain, Captain! Can you tell me stories about how you used great cunning to beat a swarm of Lightning Bugs?" Another one, probably their parent, then speaks up. "Come, sit with us. I am sure there is much to be said about that great relic from our past."`
```

			`	You start to explain how the fight went, but before you can explain much, the young one interrupts you, speaking to the others. "See? There is no way they lost the ship, if they fought so well with it!" The parent speaks again, trying to console the child. "That great ship may be lost, but everything has to end at one point, and its time of glory was already behind it."`
			choice

> 				`	"How did you learn about the lost of the ship?"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
				`	"How did you learn about the loss of the ship?"`
```

> 				`	"Nonsense, I still have the ship."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
				`	"Nonsense. I still have the ship."`
```

			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto "tell me"
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away.)`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label "train back"
			`	Without any incidents, you return to the train station and buy a ticket back to the spaceport.`
				decline
			label know
			`	The second one grins. "Any outsider landing on our homeworld must be well-known. We know you have provided various assistance to our kind."`
			`	"Though do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," the first adds with a serious tone.`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250
			label "tell me"
			`	Suddenly, you hear a loud roar coming from the sea behind you, and the ground begins to shake.`
			choice
				`	(Turn around.)`
			`	You see the waves become agitated and the wind rise as a shape surrounded by fumes emerges out of the water, as if an ancient sea monster was rising from the depths.`
			`	But it is no monster. It's a ship, and its guns are pointed straight at you!`
			label "try again"
			scene "scene/emerging ladybug"
			choice
				`	(Run!)`
				`	(Wait.)`
					goto wait

> 				`	(Try to contact my fleet for help!)`

Author: ```suggestion
				`	(Try to contact my fleet for help!)`
					to display
						"total ships" > 1
```

		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris. They're no longer shooting at me... for now, at least."

# No category, meaning you can't remove it from the Anomalocaris
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 650
	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient claim"
	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land, you realize your ship is the center of the spaceport crowd's attention, probably due to the ancient design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual based on your experiences with the Unfettered. "Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of.`

> 			`	"As such, most will say that you need to prove to us you have a right to use that ship. Lucky for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology, as well as Korath technology we have a right to salvage for."`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"As such, most will say that you need to prove to us you have a right to use that ship. Lucky for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology.`
			`	"I even see Korath technology, which we have a right to salvage for."`
				to display
					has "outfit (flagship installed): Korath Detainer"
```

			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but it seems like you are being followed.`
				launch
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		dialog
			`The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. This is not necessarily the end, <last>, you will simply have to prove yourself another way."`
			`	"Oh and a word of advice: maybe you should have outfitted your ship differently, or used your range advantage by moving away at full thrust, before turning back to fire on us."`
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

> 		# I would deduce the reputation here but being on a planet that becomes hostile as you land seem to cause issues for the game.

Author: I'm confusing myself as well dont worry
been a bit, but I do remember from testing it caused issues or smth
could use some testing ig, it is an edge case but still

			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
			# This ship is not AI controlled because it's not her style. She wants to see it firsthand, but she will land before you do and pretend nothing happened.
			set "unfettered: outcast"
			dialog `As the Lightning Bug is destroyed you receive a hail from the local authorities, "You completely disrespected the rules of the duel and attempted to kill our most prominent researcher. You will not be welcome here anymore!"`
	# If you refuse to sell the ship (you'll lose it later anyway)
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			has "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		personality unconstrained nemesis launching heroic marked
		fleet
			names "hai"
			variant
				"Sea Scorpion (Ionic)"
	on visit
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete

> 		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"

Author: ```suggestion
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
```

				goto "try again"
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing
	name "Heritage reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>, with it as your flagship and preferably without any other ships."
	clearance
	# deadline to make sure you don't just enjoy free rep
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon returning to the spaceport, one could say the cargo finds you more than you find it. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, which a quick check shows have already been allocated for this ship in your name. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> by <date> for the promised sum of <payment>.`
			choice

> 				`(Prepare for takeoff.)`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	(Prepare for takeoff.)`
```

				decline
			label lucky?
			`	You manage to land a shot, although it seems to do nothing to the large spacecraft before you. Then you hear a small explosion. You aren't sure whether the damaged ship's systems failed on their own, or if by some stroke of luck, your shot did something to it.`
			`	Unfortunately, you do not get a chance to ponder it, as the ship abruptly explodes, taking you and everyone else on the beach down with it.`
				die
			label miss
			`	You miss your shot. Neither the ship nor the two Hai react. You feel like you heard a chuckle, but you're not sure where it came from.`
				goto "try again"
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"
		log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, an Anomalocaris, that seems to still be in good functioning state."

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing
	name "Heritage Reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>, with it as your flagship and preferably without any other ships."
	clearance
	# Deadline to make sure the player doesn't gain rep for free.

> 	deadline 30

Author: they shouldn't have to adjust it in most cases

buuut if they've been a bad boy they will have to, or be a really good pilot
I also like giving options to the player, and too restrictive of a deadline wouldn't make that much sense?

> 	deadline 30

Reviewer 9: As it stands I think it equally makes not much sense that such an urgent mission (or at least how the Uhai are presenting it) would be given a month to deliver medical supplies for something that takes just a few days. If the player shouldn't have to adjust in most cases, then it feels like there's not much reason it should be 30 days. I'm not sure this is a good case to be giving the player "extra room" if it's going to be an edge case/just for the sake of giving the player extra room.

> 	deadline 30

Author: how about 18 days?
if you have a JD it allows you to barely be able to get an outfit upgrade on Sunracer

> 	deadline 30

Reviewer 9: I think either we have to commit to this being a mission that takes a long time, and drop and rewrite the whole "urgency bit", or we change this to be about the urgency. Giving the player time to refit their new ship shouldn't be what the mission is focused about; if that's what you really want it to be about, you should change the whole mission to be focused on it,  not give the player the agency on the side.

Though, I think it's best to just make it urgent like it's supposed to be. The player can always have fun and refit the ship after this mission series; it seems a bit too constrained/tight of a plot element to both introduce this new(old) ship in the mission AND have the player make it relevant to the mission; it should be relevant to the mission in the first place. You said it's unlikely they need to reoutfit anyway, so the mission should focus on the ship, as it's given, being good enough for it. I think you're too worried about letting the player outfit it.

> 	deadline 30

Author: well it's not about fun as much as it is about the mission not being impossible if you been a bad boy
but ig it's fine if it is, I do need to test it a bit though to see

> 	deadline 30

Author: I checked, it can be beaten by the default build even if its extra hard

	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept

> 		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"

Reviewer 9: Technically, wouldn't the cargo be loaded on a different ship if the Anomalocaris isn't initially your flagship? And if that's the case, and you're told not to bring any other ships, wouldn't that result in error?

I think it might be better to have the mission have a block that says you can't accept it unless the Anomalocaris is your flagship, and change this to be "has: "flagship: Anomalocaris" or however that is done.

Author: well actually the cargo is automatically distributed to non flagships, and when you park other ships their cargo will be transfered

and that amount of cargo fits perfectly on this ship, so if the player doesn't do weird things like already having stuff in cargo and selling a ship from the shipyard (in which case the mission wont trigger until there is enough cargo space available), it should be fine

Reviewer 9: If the mission won't trigger if there's enough cargo space, there should probably be a block message. This is a follow-up directly trailing off of the first mission; it would be odd if it just didn't appear/offer without saying anything.

Author: actually I cant have a blocked dialog because of the way it works rn (the mission is pre-activated but cant be accepted until you come out of the shipyard with the ship)

	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon returning to the spaceport, a worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates. A quick check shows that this cargo has already been allocated for this ship in your name. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> by <date> for the promised sum of <payment>.`
			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel:`
			`	"Use the Anomalocaris as your flagship.`
			`	"Do not bring any other ships into Unfettered space, as they are not needed for the cargo. They would only be a liability at best, and a provocation at worst."`

> 			`	Given the potential dangers of that area of space, it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design of the Anomalocaris, or perhaps customize it more to your own liking, especially if you plan to deliver the cargo in only this single ship.`

Reviewer 9: With the above two statements (needing the ship to be an Anomalocaris, and not necessarily needing to have the ship be refittable in time/make sense with the mission's urgency), these lines can be deleted. Most of it is not about the mission itself, but telling specifically the player what they have to do.

If, based on above review comments, you need to be in the Ano, then you don't need to tell the player that. If this is just the delivery part, there's no reason to tell the player to not have a fleet; that can be done in the next mission that actually talks about the combat. It almost has more impact if the player were to have possibly come with a fleet, and then be told to 1v1.

Author: right now if you enter uhai space with a fleet they just shoot you instead of expecting you to play the duel fair - the more space you give the player, the more likely they will exploit it, so I'd rather they just leave their ships on Hai Home

Reviewer 9: Sure, but this mission isn't the duel. It doesn't make sense to tell the player that they shouldn't be bringing other ships at this point in time, and it doesn't really make sense that  they shoot the player, when they're (supposedly) bringing urgent medical delivery supplies to (presumably) those who urgently need it.

Author: well tbf the Uhai really dont trust you at this point, but mb its fine if they shoot you on entry when you come with a fleet

Reviewer 9: Again, that wouldn't make sense if this is an urgent medical delivery. If the Uhai really don't trust you at this point, they wouldn't be giving you the mission in the first place - this is after you've made yourself "known" anyways. This should be their attempt to trust you, not challenge your trust so far as to continue to shoot you even without the honors of something like a duel.

Author: I mean they're not exactly super well organised and all aware of this operation going on

If you come with a big fleet and are like "medical supplies", it's less convincing than one ship doing it

Reviewer 9: If that's the case, why warn the player not to bring a fleet? It seems contradictory. They're not super well organized enough and aware of the operation - so then it would either make sense that they always shoot you when you come in, fleet or not, or they wouldn't shoot you either way if they're aware if this is a medical urgency. It doesn't make sense to specifically take into consideration one example without considering the other.

Author: it's also the fact that you're showing up in this spcific old ship that they'd rather not damage
originally I had a custom swizzle for the ano and the idea would be you're pretending to be a sympathiser or smth

Reviewer 9: I think at that point it's getting pretty convoluted for a delivery mission. We should choose either to have the player have the break from being shot, or be shot at either way. If they don't want to damage the ship, then we should make it so they don't shoot period.

That, and we probably shouldn't make a mission dialog change based if the player has a fleet or not (we intentionally don't do this), at least in this example. It makes sense for an explicit 1v1 duel, but for a delivery it shouldn't be a concern. If the player did have ill-intent, they'd shoot and the Uhai would get mad anyway. (Technically, what if the player always had a fleet? Long before this offered? The Uhai would know this already, so they wouldn't suddenly change how they acted if they're told not to shoot the player for this mission.)

Author: they won't get shot now

				decline
			label "wrong flagship"
			`You enter the system, and the Unfettered open fire as usual. Perhaps they would have acted differently if you had used the Anomalocaris as a flagship, but it is too late to find out now.`
				decline
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time. You receive a short message from them: "You will not prove yourself by failing our requests."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, some of the cargo was on another ship, or you are not using the Anomalocaris as your flagship. You should park your fleet and only use the Anomalocaris.`
	to complete
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		"total ships" == 1
	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the associates you bought the ship from: "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment>."`
		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."

> # No category, meaning you can't remove it from the Anomalocaris
> outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
> 	"maintenance costs" 650
> 	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
```
See other comments

	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		conversation
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won? At least it was close, right? Or did the captains make stories to justify their incompetence already, after using their escape pods to get back here like cowards?"`
			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next
			`	"Congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. You must make sure you do not lose it until you truly earn the right to call us friends, or we will consider you an enemy once again. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, totaling 650 credits per day. I hope you don't mind.`
			`	"Do keep in mind that if you lose this permit at any time and have not proven yourself another way, like by bringing us a Jump Drive, you will be treated like an outsider again."`
			choice
				`	"Thank you for your trust."`

> 					goto trust

Author: ```suggestion
```

				`	"No, thanks; I don't want to pay that much just to be friends with the Unfettered."`
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				log "Won a fight against a few Lightning Bugs in an Anomalocaris, but decided against paying the daily fee to land."
			`	"What? The winner of the challenge can always refuse the spoils, I suppose. In that case conflict will resume."`
				decline

> 			label trust

Author: ```suggestion
```

			`	"No need to thank me. Trust is earned, like respect."`

> 			action
> 				outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"

Author: ```suggestion
```

					not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
			`	"For now, you have enough to worry about with all of the missiles that will be heading your way. If I were you I'd install a lot of jammers. You'll need them, ha!" A general laughter erupts, and they let you get comfortable in the new ship. You may want to get a better one, or at least upgrade this one in order to escape safely. It may be wise to bribes to get out in one piece.`
			action
				give ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Good Will"
				take ship "Anomalocaris"
					id "hai legacy"

mission "Unfettered Landing Permit Lost"
	landing
	invisible
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 3: done"
		not "outfit (all): Unfettered Landing Permit"
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= 0
	on offer
		conversation
			"As you land, the Unfettered tell you they have learned of the loss of the Anomalocaris, thereby ending your landing access and friendly relations with them. They also, very unsubtly, suggest you find and bring them a Jump Drive to atone for your carelessness."
		log "Lost access to Unfettered space when they learned about the loss of the Anomalocaris."

> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -500

Reviewer 9: Since the Unfettered care so much about the ship in the mission, it makes sense that this still occurs regardless of the JD mission, which you still could do to get their favor back, so remove the to offerr condition checking that.

Instead of just saying the Unfettered learned about it, change up the conversation. Have a group of Unfettered or someone approach you as you land, asking what happened to the Anomalocaris (though they know at this point that you lost it somehow, due to a broken signal or something). Then, give the player some choices: 

They're sorry, or lost it in a fight, but the Unfettered blames the player's incompetence.
The player asks how they know, and they say they lost the signal from the AI or something.
The player won't tell them.

Of course, all three lead to the rep drop anyway.

> mission "Free Permit"
> 	invisible
> 	landing
> 	source
> 		attributes "unfettered"
> 	to offer
> 		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
> 	on offer
> 		outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit" -1
> 		fail
> 

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
```
See other comments.

			`	However, it also mentions you need to have at least 10 million credits in cash! It may be a good idea to save up or take a loan and then come back another day to head to the specified location.`
				to display
					"credits" < 10000000
				defer
			`	Will you go there?`
			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
			label go
			`	While you're pondering whether there will be enough space to land your ship at the destination, you notice a train ticket has been placed in your pocket, with instructions written on the back. You proceed to take the train and hike a few hours to get the rest of the way there.`

> 			`	Upon arriving, you take a look around for the stranger. Except for a cave, some sparse vegetation, and of course the beach itself, you cannot see anything significant in the vicinity. You double check that these are the right coordinates and look around some more.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	To your surprise, the train station is located underground. At first, you can't begin to make sense of the enormity of it - it almost feels like you can reach the entire planet from here. You ask a Hai for directions, feeling embarrassed when you learn that all you had to do was scanning your ticket, and all relevant information would be displayed for you.`
			`	Upon arriving, you take a look around for the stranger. Except for a cave, some sparse vegetation, and of course the beach itself, you cannot see anything significant in the vicinity. You double check that these are the right coordinates and look around some more.`
```

			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it. I also would strongly advise against repainting it; you will understand why later.`
			`	"Oh, I almost forgot: make sure you return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries. Arriving in a different ship or with a supporting fleet will unnerve the Unfettered."`
			choice
				`	(Go back to the shipyard.)`
			`	They walk away far enough so that you cannot hear them, leaving you with the access codes to the ship so you can bring it to the shipyard. With the aid of a surprisingly advanced navigation AI, you manage to bring it all the way there effortlessly despite the ship's multiple crew design. When you arrive, however, the AI shuts down without explanation, and you're forced to use a full crew complement.`

> 			`	You remember the mysterious pair requested you bring only the Anomalocaris. It may be time to sell your other ships, or you could always park them for later.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
```
Since you have already said this once above, and then say it again for the continuation of the mission below (which happens right after this dialog), you don't need to mention it here.

				accept
			label foolish
			`	You get your weapon out and proceed to shoot on the ship.`
			branch miss
				random < 50
			branch lucky?
				random < 2
			branch lucky??
				random < 30
			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost deafening you. "MY TURN!"`

> 			`	The ship then hits your weapon, disarming you with surgical accuracy using its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles. One of the two Hai comes, seemingly disappointed. "It looks like you angered the piloting AI enough to make it override the silence protocols we had put in place. You're lucky it did not kill you, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`	The ship then shoots a warning shot on the ground with its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles, causing you to drop your weapon. One of the two Hai comes, seemingly disappointed. "You're lucky it did not see you as a threat and kill you, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`
```

				goto "try again"
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing
	name "Heritage reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>, with it as your flagship and preferably without any other ships."
	clearance
	# deadline to make sure you don't just enjoy free rep
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon returning to the spaceport, one could say the cargo finds you more than you find it. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, which a quick check shows have already been allocated for this ship in your name. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> by <date> for the promised sum of <payment>.`

> 			choice
> 				`	(Prepare for takeoff.)`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
```
The previous single-use choice made sense to break up dialog, but this one comes after a single sentence, so isn't really doing anything.

			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel, from your "associates," probably:`
			`	"Use the Anomalocaris as your flagship.`
			`	"Do not bring any other ships, as they are not needed for the cargo and would only be a liability at best in Unfettered space, when they could easily provoke them at worst."`

> 			`	Given the potential dangers of that area of space, it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design of the Anomalocaris and even customize it more to your own liking - especially if you plan to deliver the cargo in only this single ship, as requested.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Given the potential dangers of that area of space, it would be a good idea to familiarize yourself with the design of the Anomalocaris, or perhaps customize it more to your own liking, especially if you plan to deliver the cargo in only this single ship, as requested.`
```

				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			branch "wrong flagship"
				not "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			branch "not single ship"
				"total ships" != 1
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through, but it is surprisingly quiet. For the first time, entering Unfettered space does not mean getting shot at by missiles from all sides. They're not hailing you either. Perhaps they think you're one of the Hai aiding them, especially given your cargo and the ship you're flying.`
				accept
			label "not single ship"
			`You enter the system, and, for a brief moment, nobody is shooting you.`

> 			`	The Unfettered quickly change their mind, however, as soon as your escorts enter the system. They happily head your way, weapons ready to loot your cargo. It becomes clear you should have come with only the Anomalocaris, as the associates suggested.`

Reviewer 9: Perhaps this is fine, but seems a bit weird if your escorts are several systems out and you are shot anyway. Maybe change the text to say that the Unfettered may have information that you have several ships somehow.

Reviewer 9: Since they will be hostile anyways, maybe "The Unfettered must have information on the several ships in your fleet, as they seem more than happy to engage you as you enter the system. It becomes clear...."

Author: the "total ships" condition only applies to ships in the current system, actually

				decline
			label "wrong flagship"
			`You enter the system, and the Unfettered open fire as usual. Perhaps they would have acted differently if you had used the Anomalocaris as a flagship, but it is too late to find out now.`
				decline
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000

> 		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time. The message they send you is short: "You will have to prove yourself another way."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time. You receive a short message from them: "You will not prove yourself by failing our requests."`
```

	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, some of the cargo was on another ship, or you are not using the Anomalocaris as your flagship. You should park your fleet and only use the Anomalocaris.`
	to complete

> 		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"

Author: ```suggestion
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		"total ships" == 1
```

	on complete
		dialog `You receive a message from the associates you bought the ship from: "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. We will not forget this. Please accept these <payment>."`
		payment 1500000

> 		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris. They're no longer shooting at me... for now, at least."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."
```

# No category, meaning you can't remove it from the Anomalocaris
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 650
	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing

> 	name "Ancient claim"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
	name "Ancient Claim"
```

	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer

> 		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"

Reviewer 9: This seems redundant, since the previous mission requires the flagship to be the Anomalocaris to complete, and this mission offers right after that while you're still on the planet.

Author: ```suggestion
```
yeah it is you're right, this is already triggering on landing too

		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land, you realize your ship is the center of the spaceport crowd's attention, probably due to the ancient design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual based on your experiences with the Unfettered. "Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of.`
			`	"As such, most will say that you need to prove to us you have a right to use that ship. Lucky for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology.`

> 			`	"I even see Korath technology we fought valiantly to recover, don't expect to get away with that!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!"`
```

			`	"Beware, for there are no official rules, other than the fact that you may only use this one ship. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. If you want it, you'll have to chase me down. No duel."`
					goto headingout
			`	"Good! Of course, I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone know them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you. Naturally, since this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you. Naturally, this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`
```

> 			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting as allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`
```

			# This is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles or so.

> 			`	He suddenly look at you intensively, straight in the eyes, "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not your case," he says with a sudden change of tone, before leaving.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	He suddenly looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you," he says with a sudden change of tone before leaving.`
```

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 			`	Mera comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures and launch as soon as you can.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Mera comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun their launching procedures, so you prepare for take off as soon as you can.`
```

			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Anomalocaris.)`
				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"

> 			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but it seems like you are being followed.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but shortly after they begin to follow you.`
```

				accept
			label fleeing
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and hail you. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
			action
				fail
	on disabled
		fail
		# This is needed because the mission isn't removed until the next time you land.
		conversation
			`The enemy ships hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we value blowing you up higher than preserving that ship!"`
				to display
					has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
				decline
			`The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`

> 			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. This is not necessarily the end, <last>, you will simply have to prove yourself another way."`
> 			`	"Oh, and a word of advice: maybe you could have outfitted your ship differently, or used your range advantage by moving away at full thrust, before turning back to fire on us."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us, but maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`
```
We don't really hold the player's hand and tell them what to do. For example, we don't tell the player how to do dodge nukes in FW or dodge Archon shots in Remnant missions; that's something they figure out. There could be several ways to do this, too.

		"reputation: Hai Merchant" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Human)" += 10
		"reputation: Hai Merchant (Sympathizers)" += 10

# This mission will offer but defer itself the first time if you lack money but have sufficient net worth.
mission "Hai Legacy 1"
	invisible
	shipyard
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	clearance
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"

> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0

Reviewer 8: Why less than zero?

Author: that's what it takes to be hostile to them

this mission offers before you fix your rep using JD, as an alternative path

			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
					goto go
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
				`	(Never.)`
					decline
			label first
			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull on your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ships, as if to mimic the actions of a regular passerby, they address you again.`
			`	"My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location, and if you cross-reference it with the local maps, it appears to point towards a beach on the other side of the planet.`
			`	However, the paper also mentions you need to have at least ten million credits in cash! You'll have to save up or take a loan and then come back another day before heading to the specified location.`
				to display
					"credits" < 10000000
				defer

> 			`	Will you go there?`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	However, the paper also mentions you need to have at least ten million credits in cash. Will you go there?`
```

Author: They kinda want to trick you to come anyway though, I think this only shows if u aint broke.
And once you're there it's harder to say no, works for them

			choice
				`	"Tell me more."`
					goto "tell me"
				`	"How do you know me?"`
					goto know
				`	(Run away.)`
			`	They seem surprised at your sudden change of mind, but make no effort to stop you.`
			label "train back"
			`	Without any incidents, you return to the train station and buy a ticket back to the spaceport.`
				decline
			label know
			`	The second one grins. "Any outsider landing on our homeworld must be well-known. We know you have helped our kind."`
			`	"Though do not think we are unaware of your skirmishes with the Unfettered," the first adds with a serious tone.`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -1250
			label "tell me"
			`	Suddenly, you hear a loud roar coming from the sea behind you, and the ground begins to shake.`
			choice
				`	(Turn around.)`

> 			`	The waves become agitated and wind rushes past you as a shape surrounded by fumes emerges out of the water, as if an ancient sea monster was rising from the depths.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	The waves become agitated and wind rushes past you as a shape surrounded by fumes emerges out of the water, as if an ancient sea monster is rising from the depths.`
```

Author: euh idk I feel like it's "was" and I asked tibetiroka they seem to agree, maybe we can have other opinions on it?

Reviewer 11: In terms of grammar, is would be the correct word because the situation would necessitate present tense. (It being a thing that is happening right now.)
However, was feels better to me as well. In my mind, the past tense lends itself to the description of the ship as ancient, even if it doesn't make sense grammatically.
(Though in that case maybe "were," as in "as though an ancient sea monster were rising from the depths," would be better?)

			label wait
			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, one more at ease than the other. "This ship means you no harm."`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto explain
				`	"Why didn't you say anything before that happened?"`
			`	The second one replies, "We could have, but where's the fun in that? We wanted to see how you would react.`
			label explain
			`	"This ship is our guarantee that nothing goes wrong, should you attempt something against us. After all, we are still not sure if we can trust you."`
			`	The two Hai then take you to a nearby cave. Crystals embedded in the walls cast a faint blue glow as you follow them, until you approach a large chamber where sunlight breaks through cracks, revealing another ship. The first Hai then speaks again. "That ship outside is not for sale. This one, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our empire used to control the stars - an Anomalocaris!"`
			scene "scene/cave scene"
			choice

> 				`	"What is this about?"`

Author: it's to space the text between the pages, otherwise it's huge

			`	"You're lucky to still be alive, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`
				goto "train back"
			label lucky?
			`	You manage to land a shot, although it seems to do nothing to the large spacecraft before you. Then you hear a small explosion. You aren't sure whether the damaged ship's systems failed on their own, or if by some stroke of luck, your shot did something to it.`
			`	Unfortunately, you do not get a chance to ponder it, as the ship abruptly explodes, taking you and everyone else on the beach down with it.`
				die
			label miss
			`	You miss your shot. Neither the ship nor the two Hai react. You feel like you heard a chuckle, but you're not sure where it came from.`
				goto "try again"
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"

> 		log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship called an Anomalocaris. It seems to still be in a good state to fly."

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship called an Anomalocaris. It seems to still be in a good enough state to fly."
```

			`	As you head to back to your ship and prepare to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel:`
			`	"You would be wise to bring the Anomalocaris we trusted you with for your delivery."`
				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through. However, the Unfettered have suddenly stopped firing at you, and the system becomes surprisingly quiet.`
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" <?= -1000
		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time, leaving you a brief message on your command panel: "You will not prove yourself to us by failing our requests."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, or some of the cargo was on another ship.`
	to complete
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete

> 		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Unfettered you bought the ship from, along with an unusually large sum of credits. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Hai you bought the ship from, along with an unusually large sum of credits. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`
```

		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using the Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient Claim"
	description "Defeat the Unfettered challenger in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 1
	to offer
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`After delivering the supplies, you realize your ship is the center of attention. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, initially warmer than usual compared to your previous experiences with other Unfettered.`
			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. You see, it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use it."`

> 			`	After a sigh, her tone then changes. "But I don't believe in any of that. What does matter to me is that ship is both durable and filled with valuable ancient technology.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	After a sigh, her tone then changes. "But I don't believe in any of that. What does matter to me is that ship is both durable and filled with valuable ancient technology."`
```

> 			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see technology from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!" `

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see weapons from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!"`
```

> 			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see weapons from those savage Korath that we fought valiantly to obtain!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see weapons that we fought valiantly to obtain from the savage Korath!"`
```
Otherwise it can be read that they fought violently to obtain the Korath.

				to display

> 					has "outfit (flagship installed): Korath Detainer"

Reviewer 8: What if the Anomalocaris isn't the flagship?

Author: I think we can only remove outfits from the flagship if they aint in cargo? not sure

Reviewer 8: You could use `outfit "Korath Detainer" -1`?

Reviewer 9: This isn't taking away the Detainers, it's just seeing that you have some. For all the Uhai know, you could have put them on a different ship. It's most likely though that you have them here from the Anomalocaris here, and not because you were over fiddling in Automata space.

We'd have to add more conditions and checks based on if it was from elsewhere that also wouldn't be perfect, so I think it's better to leave it.

			`	All of a sudden, she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it."`
					goto headingout
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win

> 			`	Mera turns around, talking to other Unfettered for a bit before addressing you again. "You will win the right to access our worlds. But, in order to keep our respect, you must keep this Anomalocaris in good condition until you prove yourself another way. It is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	Mera turns around, talking to other Unfettered for a bit before addressing you again. "You will win the right to access our worlds. But, in order to keep our respect, you must keep this Anomalocaris in good condition until you prove yourself another way. It is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here."`
```

			`	She then glares at you. "Beware, for although there are no official rules, you must use only the Anomalocaris. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. This is my ship now."`
					goto headingout
			`	Mera grins. "Good! I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I am but an engineer, after all. I would also not want to deny my brother and his crew the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. One that appears to be their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out," says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules, even if there are no official ones. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you," He says as he moves away from the group with you.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not so much a friendly competition as it is a fight for you to truly earn the right to fly this ship. You should know that this fight has a few... implicit rules, even if there are no official ones. We would assume everyone knows them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you," he says as he moves away from the group with you.`
```

> 			`	"Naturally, this is a duel nobody other than us may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all. To the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed, but do not attempt to steal our ships. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"Naturally, because this is a duel, nobody other than us may interfere, but you should also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all. To the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed, but do not attempt to steal our ships. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you!"`
```

> 			`	"Naturally, because this is a duel, nobody other than us may interfere, but you should also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve it, after all. To the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed, but do not attempt to steal our ships. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"Naturally, because this is a duel, nobody other than us may interfere, but you should also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother to show up! You must prove you deserve it, after all. To the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed, but do not attempt to steal our ships. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you!"`
```

			# This is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles or so.

> 			`	He then looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	He then looks at you intensely, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you."`
```

				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	Mera starts to look a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships, but Mera pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!"`
			`	You see the Unfettered have already begun their launching procedures, so you should prepare for takeoff in your Anomalocaris, and no other ships, as soon as you can.`
				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch, with the Unfettered rushing after you shortly after.`
				launch
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1

> 			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Show us what you got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warrior should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Show us what you've got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warrior should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
```
Also, should you be using `<unfettered title>`?

Author: good point but it will be included with the campaign intro, I dont wanna add more stuff to this PR here

				accept
			label fleeing
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

> 				fail

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
```

			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they hail you fast. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`

> 				decline

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
				fail
```

Author: I dont think that works

> 	on enter
> 		conversation
> 			branch fleeing
> 				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
> 			branch "too many ships"
> 				"total ships" > 1
> 			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Show us what you've got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warrior should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
> 				accept
> 			label fleeing
> 			action
> 				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
> 				fail
> 			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they hail you fast. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
> 				decline
> 			label "too many ships"
> 			action
> 				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
> 				fail
> 			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey! Dishonor will get you nowhere with us True Hai!"`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Show us what you've got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warrior should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
				accept
			label fleeing
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				fail
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they hail you fast. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
				decline
			label "too many ships"
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				fail
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey! Dishonor will get you nowhere with us True Hai!"`
	on enter
		"can trigger after failure"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		fail
		dialog `You receive a hail from the Unfettered. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, you will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer! It would be in your best interest to return the ship to us should we ever find you on our worlds again!`
```
Changed it up a bit here - again, don't really need to say specifics here, though you are in flight. Combined the return aspect and made it sound like your presence on their worlds is distasteful, but not outright disallowed, since you want to give the player an opportunity to return the ship.

Reviewer 9: ~~Don't ask why I yoinked so many lines to add/change just the few.~~

	on disabled
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		fail
		conversation
			`The enemy ship hails you after disabling your own. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better give us a good bribe to land on our worlds and return that ship, before we value blowing you up more than preserving it!"`
				to display
					has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
				decline

> 			`After your ship is disabled, one of the Unfettered ships hails you. "You have lost the challenge, but we didn't expect much from a human like you. We will repair your ship for a fair bribe, but you better land at one of our worlds and return it to us with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`After your ship is disabled, one of the Unfettered ships hails you. "You have lost the challenge, but we didn't expect much from a human like you. We will repair your ship for a fair bribe, but you better land at one of our worlds and return it to us with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way.`
```

> 			`After your ship is disabled, one of the Unfettered ships hails you. "You have lost the challenge, but we didn't expect much from a human like you. We will repair your ship for a fair bribe, but you better land at one of our worlds and return it to us with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way.`
> 			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us. Maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`
> 	on fail
> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`After your ship is disabled, one of the Unfettered ships hails you. "You have lost the challenge, but we didn't expect much from a human like you. We will repair your ship for a fair bribe, but you better land at one of our worlds and return it to us with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way.`
			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us. Maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`
	on visit
		fail
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
```

Reviewer 9: This is a `fail` now, so it'll go to the `on fail` conversation.

Author: Don't those only trigger the next time you land? I can test this tomorrow to see

		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

> 		dialog `The Unfettered hail you. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer! It would be in your best interest to return the ship to us on Darkcloak, but any of our worlds will do."`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
		dialog `You are contacted by the Unfettered as you enter the planet's atmosphere. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`
```
We don't really need to tell the player to return the ship here as the "Undeserved" mission will offer after. Since it does, I've changed the dialog to lead into it more, since it'd be odd if you landed and just got a random hail before thy were swarming you.

	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
		personality heroic mute marked plunders target unconstrained
		ship "Shield Beetle (Prototype)" "Requiem"
		on kill
			dialog `You receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying the ship can only be due to either incompetence or evil intent, and we will not tolerate either!"`
			"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
			fail
		dialog `You have managed to defeat the Unfettered challenger. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Dungeon Master"
		personality launching marked pacifist staying uninterested
		on disable
			dialog `Mera hails you. "Stop! I am only here as an observer. If you destroy my ship, the deal is off!"`
		on kill
			"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
			set "unfettered: outcast"

> 			dialog `As you destroy the Lightning Bug, along with Mera and her crew in it, you receive an angry hail from the Unfettered. "You completely disrespected the rules of a duel and killed one of our most prominent members! You will not be welcome here anymore!"`

Reviewer 8: Members of what exactly?

			fail
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		personality heroic launching marked pacifist unconstrained
		ship "Sea Scorpion (Shredder)" "Hunter"

> 	on visit
> 		dialog "Either you have not defeated the Unfettered challenger in orbit yet, or you have broken the terms of the duel."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 9: Moving this.

	to complete
		not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		# Needed to make sure the mission doesn't auto complete if no ships spawn.
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		log "Managed to use an ancient Hai warship to beat an Unfettered challenger, earning respect with the Unfettered Hai so long as the ship remains in my possession."
		conversation
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, looking quite surprised. "You really won! I saw everything, and the data I got on the effects of these exotic weapons will be quite useful for my research. Was it hard for you?"`
			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"This was easy!"`
				`	"It was a challenge."`
					goto challenge
			`	"Don't get overconfident, Captain," she muses. "I am sure you know what happens to such pilots.`
				goto next
			label challenge

> 			`	"Oh, so their plan almost worked after all? Maybe I should have participated in the fight too."`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, so their plan almost worked after all? Maybe I should have participated in the fight too.`
```

			label next
			`	"Well, congratulations, I did not think you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Remember, right now, your reputation with us is solely due to to that ship. If you somehow lose it because of incompetence on your own end, it would look pretty bad to us True Hai!"`
			`	Mera then walks off as she begins reviewing data from your fight on a small device. For now, it seems that the Unfettered Hai have some sort of respect for you, so long as you have the Anomalocaris.`

mission "Undeserved Anomalocaris"
	minor
	invisible
	landing
	source
		attributes "unfettered"
	to offer
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Hai Legacy 2: active"
		not "Hai Legacy 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You land on this Unfettered world in possession of the Anomalocaris, and, as you do, countless Hai hastily head to your ship, each armed with several weapons. One of them points at you and makes a declaration in front of the crowd that is quickly forming, shouting loud enough for all to hear. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old!"`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`As you land, countless Hai hastily head to your ship, each armed with several weapons. One of them points at you and makes a declaration in front of the crowd that is quickly forming, shouting loud enough for all to hear. "You do not deserve to fly this relic of old!"`
```

			choice
				`	(Hand over the Anomalocaris.)`
				`	(Decline their request and leave.)`
					depart
			`	You and your crew exit what was briefly your ship, and the local Unfettered militia are informed that it is now theirs. The Unfettered that were assembling around your ship happily disperse, except for one - probably the leader, judging by the amount of weaponry on their person. They come to talk to you, weapons in hand but lowered. "We are happy you could see reason and decided to hand over the ship. In exchange, we will provide you with a suitable replacement.`
			`	"That relic was not meant for you, but there are other ways for you to prove yourself to us." The leader of these Unfettered continues with blatantly forced casualness. "Say, for example, bringing us a Jump Drive... or two... that for sure will earn you favor, and prove you can fight."`
				to display
					not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
			action
				give ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Good Will"
				take ship "Anomalocaris"

> 			`	The leader of the Unfettered group then has a few of them escort you to a farther out location. On your way there, some of them seemed to be holding back some frustration, and you could have sworn one wanted to attack you at any moment. Eventually you are lead to a landed Lightning Bug, and after some messy paperwork, the Unfettered leave it with you.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the Unfettered group then has a few of them escort you to the edge of the spaceport. On your way there, some of them seemed to be holding back some frustration, and you could have sworn one wanted to attack you at any moment. Eventually you are lead to a landed Lightning Bug, and after some messy paperwork, the Unfettered leave it with you.`
```

				goto "train back"
			label pilot
			action
				set "unfettered: pilot dialog"
			`	"The less you know, the better for all of us, Captain."`
				goto choice
			label ocean
			action
				set "unfettered: ocean dialog"
			`	"We found it there," the first one answers.`
			`	"It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all as it falls," the other one adds.`
				goto choice
			label take
			action
				give ship "Anomalocaris (Venerable)" "Good Omen"
					id "hai legacy"
				fine 10000000
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying technology you had no idea was forbidden, as these Korath weapons are suspicious indeed. However, it will not go on your permanent record."`
			`	You quickly realize that they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it.`

> 			`	"Don't forget to return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries."`

Reviewer 12: It says I should use "this ship alone" for the the delivery, but that's not actually a requirement.

Reviewer 9: I think this whole last line "Don't...deliveries." can be omitted, considering after this, the conversation continues automatically talking about you returning to the spaceport and all.

Author: ```suggestion
```
I think (hope) they mention above that you should come only with this ship

Author: Then it kinda becomes a completely hidden thing the uhai dont fire on you
How about smth like this
```suggestion
			`	"A word of wisdom: the relics of old warrant respect, but not escorts."`
```

Reviewer 9: It's not hidden; we have that `on enter` dialog when you enter their space that says they strangely stop shooting at you, so I think anything else is unecessary.

Reviewer 9: Let it be a surprise to the player they stop shooting, no need to egg them on at first. Then it will make sense after the fact when they start talking about your precious relic ship.

Author: Oh I forgot they stop shooting even if you bring a fleet
```suggestion
```

	description "Use your newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>."
	clearance
	deadline 7
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You leave the shipyard and go to the spaceport after your encounter. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, and a quick check of the shipment data shows that the cargo has already been allocated in your name. All that's left is to deliver it to <destination> by <date>.`
			`	As you head to back to your ship and prepare to take off from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel:`
			`	"You would be wise to bring the Anomalocaris we trusted you with for your delivery."`
				accept
	on enter
		system
			attributes "unfettered"
		conversation
			action
				"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= 0

> 			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through. However, the Unfettered have suddenly stopped firing at you, and the system becomes surprisingly quiet.`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the system, you prepare for a fight to get the cargo through. However, the usually aggressive Unfettered have suddenly stopped firing at you.`
```

			`	"Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. You see, it is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of. As such, most Unfettered warriors will say that you need to prove your right to use it."`
			`	After a sigh, her tone then changes. "But I don't believe in any of that. What does matter to me is that ship is both durable and filled with valuable ancient technology."`
			`	Her eyes light up as she focuses more on your ship. "I even see weapons that we fought valiantly to obtain from the savage Korath!"`
				to display
					has "outfit (flagship installed): Korath Detainer"
			`	All of a sudden, she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it."`

> 					goto headingout

Author: ```suggestion
					goto fleeing
```

					goto fleeing
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win
			`	Mera turns around, talking to other Unfettered for a bit before addressing you again. "You will win the right to access our worlds. But, in order to keep our respect, you must keep this Anomalocaris in good condition until you prove yourself another way. It is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here."`
			`	She then glares at you. "Beware, for although there are no official rules, you must use only the Anomalocaris. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. This is my ship now."`

> 					goto headingout

Author: ```suggestion
					goto fleeing
```

			# This is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles or so.
			`	He then looks at you intensely, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you."`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	Mera starts to look a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships, but Mera pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!"`
			`	You see the Unfettered have already begun their launching procedures, so you should prepare for takeoff in your Anomalocaris, and no other ships, as soon as you can.`
				accept

> 			label headingout

Author: ```suggestion
			label run
```

				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate, you quickly head to your ship and launch, with the Unfettered rushing after you shortly after.`
				launch
	on enter
		conversation
			branch fleeing
				has "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			branch "too many ships"
				"total ships" > 1
			`As you leave the planet's atmosphere, you see your challenger already waiting for you in the system, and they send you a hail as soon as you are in space. "Show us what you've got, monkey! Show us that you control your weapons well, as any warrior should! Prove to us that you have the strength to disable our ships, yet still have the restraint not to destroy them!"`
				accept
			label fleeing
			action

> 				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

Author: The on offer does the opposite, I think, this is intended to make the UHai hostile to you instantly

> 				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

Reviewer 12: This label is reached only if the player has the "unfettered: fled with the relic" condition.
That condition is only set in one place, line 327 of this file.
Immediately prior to that, "reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" is set equal to "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)", which seems to be what this is doing.
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/9f990bff5de1f75e707d4f27a411e77515dce235/data/hai/unfettered%20side%20missions.txt#L326-L327

	on disabled
		fail
		dialog
			`After your ship is disabled, one of the Unfettered ships hails you. "You have lost the challenge, but we didn't expect much from a human like you. We will repair your ship for a fair bribe, but you better land at one of our worlds and return it to us with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way.`
			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. Today, you've failed us. Maybe someday you will prove yourself otherwise."`
	on visit
		fail
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		dialog `You are contacted by the Unfettered as you enter the planet's atmosphere. "You failed to complete the duel. The ceasefire is over. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"

> 			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -2000

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >= -1500
```

> 	on visit
> 		fail
> 	on fail
> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
> 		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
> 		dialog `You are contacted by the Unfettered as you enter the planet's atmosphere. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`

Author: ```suggestion
	on visit
		fail
	on fail
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		dialog `You are contacted by the Unfettered as you enter the planet's atmosphere. "You failed to complete the duel. We let you land to repair your ship as the terms dictate, but this is the last time you authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`
```
How's this?

> 		dialog `You are contacted by the Unfettered as you enter the planet's atmosphere. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, are no longer authorized to land on our worlds. You will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer!"`

Author: Although come to think of it you might not be on a uhai world

			"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
			fail
		dialog `You receive a message from the Unfettered ship. "We surrender. If you land now, you will receive your reward."`
	npc disable
		government "Hai (Unfettered Challenger)"
		to spawn
			"total ships" == 1
			has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
		personality heroic mute marked plunders target unconstrained
		ship "Shield Beetle (Prototype)" "Requiem"
		on kill
			dialog `You receive a hail from Mera, who sounds quite angry. "Destroying the ship can only be due to either incompetence or evil intent, and we will not tolerate either!"`
			"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
			fail
		dialog `You have managed to defeat the Unfettered challenger. Now it's time to land and claim your reward.`
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			not "unfettered: fled with the relic"
		ship "Lightning Bug (Unfettered Shipyards)" "Dungeon Master"

> 		personality launching marked pacifist staying uninterested

Author: If it dies you're locked out of the campaign but tbf I dont think it'd have enemies here

> 		personality launching marked pacifist staying uninterested

Author: ```suggestion
		personality launching pacifist staying uninterested
```

		on disable
			dialog `Mera hails you. "Stop! I am only here as an observer. If you destroy my ship, the deal is off!"`
		on kill
			"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
			set "unfettered: outcast"
			dialog `As you destroy the Lightning Bug, along with Mera and her crew in it, you receive an angry hail from the Unfettered. "You completely disrespected the rules of a duel and killed one of our most prominent engineers! You will not be welcome here anymore!"`
			fail
	npc
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		to spawn
			has "unfettered: fled with the relic"

> 		personality heroic launching marked pacifist unconstrained

Author: ```suggestion
		personality heroic launching pacifist unconstrained
```

		dialog `The Unfettered and their associates are clearly not happy when they somehow find out you didn't deliver the cargo in time, leaving you a brief message on your command panel: "You will not prove yourself to us by failing our requests."`
	on visit
		dialog `You have reached <planet>, but you either did not bring the Anomalocaris, or some of the cargo was on another ship.`
	to complete
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on complete
		dialog `After landing, a group of Unfettered gather around your ship and begin unloading the medical supplies, though strangely they don't seem to be in any hurry. Shortly after they've finished, you receive a rather brief message from the Hai you bought the ship from, along with an unusually large sum of credits. "Thank you for helping our brethren, <last>. Please accept these <payment>."`
		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using the Anomalocaris, which seems to have pleased them."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient Claim"
	description "Defeat the Unfettered challenger in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"

> 	deadline 2

Author: ```suggestion
```

				accept
			label fleeing
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				fail
			`The Unfettered don't seem too pleased to see you leaving with their prize. The challengers are already waiting for you in orbit, and they hail you fast. "Where do you think you're going, monkey?"`
				decline
			label "too many ships"
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				fail
			`As you take to join your fleet in orbit, you receive a hail from the Unfettered. "If you can't even count how many ships you have, you're not worthy of our time, monkey! Dishonor will get you nowhere with us True Hai!"`
	on enter
		"can trigger after failure"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
		fail
		dialog `You receive a hail from the Unfettered. "You failed to complete the duel, and as such, you will not enjoy unwarranted respect any longer! It would be in your best interest to return the ship to us should we ever find you on our worlds again!`
	on disabled

> 		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

Author: ```suggestion
```
It'll happen when you land

ship "Ancient Ladybug"
	swizzle 0
	sprite "ship/hai ancient ladybug"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/hai ancient ladybug"
	attributes
		category "Medium Warship"
		"cost" 8950000
		"shields" 12300
		"hull" 3600
		"required crew" 11
		"bunks" 33
		"mass" 280
		"drag" 5.4
		"heat dissipation" .85
		"fuel capacity" 900
		"cargo space" 91
		"outfit space" 460
		"weapon capacity" 170
		"engine capacity" 120

> 		# Default due to the ship' sea time, that Unfettered know about

Author: ```suggestion
		# Disabled faster due to the ship's sea time, which the Unfettered know about
```

				`	(Never.)`
					decline
			label first

> 			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ship, as if to mimic the actions of regular passerby, they address you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location, that you cross-reference with the local maps: a beach on the other side of the planet.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ships, as if to mimic the actions of regular a passerby, they address you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location, that you cross-reference with the local maps: a beach on the other side of the planet.`
```

> 			`	However, it also mentions you need to have at least 10 million in cash! It may be a good idea to save up or take a debt and then come back another day to head to the location.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	However, it also mentions you need to have at least 10 million in cash! It may be a good idea to save up or take a debt and then come back another day to head to the specified location.`
```

				to display
					"credits" < 10000000
				defer
			`	Will you go there?`
			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
			label go

> 			`	While you're pondering whether there will be enough space to land your ship at the destination, you notice a train ticket was placed in your pocket, with instructions written on the back. You proceed to take the train and hike a few hours to get the rest of the way there.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	While you're pondering whether there will be enough space to land your ship at the destination, you notice a train ticket has been placed in your pocket, with instructions written on the back. You proceed to take the train and hike a few hours to get the rest of the way there.`
```
I think this is the correct tense?

			`	"Of course, the ship is aged, and you should not expect the best price in a shipyard. Nevertheless, it is a fine vessel, capable of fighting, freighting, and mining. So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; they simply don't make ships like this anymore."`
			label choice
			choice
				`	"I'll take the... Anomalocaris, was it?"`
					goto take
				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting the ship from the ocean?"`
					to display
						not "unfettered: pilot dialog"
					goto pilot
				`	"Why was the security ship submerged?"`
					to display
						not "unfettered: ocean dialog"
					goto ocean

> 				`	"No thanks. I'm not looking to add another ship to my fleet."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"No, thanks. I'm not looking to add another ship to my fleet."`
```

				accept
			label foolish
			`	You get your weapon out and proceed to shoot on the ship.`
			branch miss
				random < 50
			branch lucky?
				random < 2
			branch lucky??
				random < 30
			`	The shot reaches the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in its current state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost deafening you. "MY TURN!"`
			`	The ship then hits your weapon, disarming you with surgical accuracy using its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles. One of the two Hai comes, seemingly disappointed. "It looks like you angered the piloting AI enough to make it override the silence protocols we had put in place. You're lucky it did not kill you, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`
				decline
			label lucky??
			`	You manage to land a lucky hit on what you assume to be the ship's navigation system, because it comes down, seemingly crashing. You feel like you hear a robotic voice cry out, but it's hard to tell with all the noise.`

> 			`	Unfortunately, the crash is right on top you, and it seems more like a landing than an actual crash, especially considering the Hai are left mostly untouched, having taken a few leaps back right in time.`

Reviewer 4: ~~are you sure this change is an upgrade?~~

Author: ```suggestion
			`	Unfortunately, the crash is right on top of you, and it seems more like a landing than an actual crash, especially considering the Hai are left mostly untouched, having taken a few leaps back right in time.`
```

			`	It might have seemed lucky, that is, until it blows up, taking you and everyone else on the beach down with it.`
				die
			label miss
			`	You miss your shot. Neither the ship nor the two Hai react, probably not viewing you as a threat. You still have time to do something else or try again. You feel like you heard a chuckle, but you're not sure where it came from.`
				goto "try again"
	on defer
		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"
	on accept
		clear "unfettered: ocean dialog"
		clear "unfettered: pilot dialog"

mission "Hai Legacy 2"
	autosave
	landing
	name "Heritage reclaimed"
	description "Use the newly acquired Anomalocaris to bring aid to the Unfettered Hai on <planet> by <date>, with it as your flagship and preferably without any other ships."
	clearance
	# deadline to make sure you don't just enjoy free rep
	deadline 30
	cargo "food (aid)" 121
	source "Hai-home"
	destination "Firelode"
	to offer
		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
		has "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < 0
		not "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: offered"
		"credits" >= 10000000
	to accept
		has "ship model: Anomalocaris"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Upon returning to the spaceport, one could say the cargo finds you more than you find it. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, which a quick check shows have already been allocated for this ship in your name. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> by <day> for the promised sum of <payment>.`

Reviewer 4: Is this `<day>` instead of `<date>` on purpose?

Author: ```suggestion
			`Upon returning to the spaceport, one could say the cargo finds you more than you find it. A worker immediately greets you while others begin to fill your ship with crates, which a quick check shows have already been allocated for this ship in your name. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> by <date> for the promised sum of <payment>.`
```
not really

		payment 1500000
		log "Delivered a pressing food shipment to the Unfettered Hai using an Anomalocaris. They're no longer shooting at me... for now, at least."

# No category, meaning you can't remove it from the Anomalocaris
outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"
	"maintenance costs" 650
	description "This item is needed in order to land on Unfettered planets, and its loss will cancel the arrangement."

mission "Hai Legacy 3"
	landing
	name "Ancient claim"
	description "Beat the Lightning Bugs in combat. You only have one day, and becoming disabled will result in losing the fight."
	source "Firelode"
	deadline 2
	to offer
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		has "Hai Legacy 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land, you realize your ship is the center of the spaceport crowd's attention, probably due to the ancient design. One Unfettered that looks like an engineer comes to speak to you, warmer than usual based on your experiences with the Unfettered. "Welcome. Although I do not know how you have obtained this ship, I imagine some of us will see it as a sign. It is a relic of our past, a past we are quite proud of.`

> 			`	"As such, most will say that you need to prove to us you have a right to use that ship. Lucky for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology, as well as Korath technology we have a right to salvage for."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"As such, most will say that you need to prove to us you have a right to use that ship. Lucky for you, I don't believe in any of that. What matters to me is that this ship is very durable, and it's filled with valuable ancient technology, as well as Korath technology we have a right to salvage for."`
```
Is the last `for` needed? I'm not sure.

Author: I think it is? how else would you say it?

Reviewer 4: I think grammatically they are both correct, but the meaning is subtly different. ~~It might just be my brain being weird, though.~~

`We have a right to salvage Korath technology` -> `Korath technology we have a right to salvage`

`We have a right to salvage for Korath technology` -> `Korath technology we have a right to salvage for`

I think the second ones mean more like "specifically look for korath tech to salvage", whereas the first one is more like "if it's korath tech we can salvage it"

I'm probably really overcomplicating it tbh.

Author: ~~my brain thinks its fine~~

			`	Her tone suddenly changes as she raises her voice for everyone to hear. "I, Mera, challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it." (Leave.)`
					goto headingout
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win
			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meager daily fee of 600 credits. In order to keep our respect, this Anomalocaris may not be destroyed or sold, until you prove yourself another way. This is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here without paying a fee.`

> 			`	"Beware, for there are no official rules, other than the fact that you may only use this one ship. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`

Reviewer 4: Quick question: Does this filter out mission escorts as well? ~~Totally not about to cheat through battles like this.~~

Author: they wont help you :mad_hurl:
just added marked to all ships - if bounties can have it then duellists surely can

			choice
				`	"I accept."`
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. If you want it, you'll have to chase me down. No duel."`
					goto headingout
			`	"Good! Of course, I won't be fighting you personally, as it is too risky to do so. I would also not want to deny my brethren the opportunity to prove themselves against a mighty human warrior!"`
			`	You're not sure if Mera is being serious or not, but her friends seem to be in for it. Their leader approaches you. "So you think you deserve to fly this mighty ship of the Hai empire?"`
			`	"Yeah, what makes you think that, human?" another one adds.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
				`	"Are you trying to scare me out of the fight?"`
					goto scare
			`	"I guess we'll find out." says a third.`
			label scare

> 			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone know them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you: naturally since this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	The leader of the group gets closer and addresses you in a more serious tone. "You should be aware that this is not a friendly competition. This is a fight for you to truly earn your place with this ship. As far as I'm concerned, you are an enemy. Make no mistakes about that. This fight has a few... implicit rules. We would assume everyone know them, but since you are an outsider I will explain them to you. Naturally, since this is a duel nobody other than us here may interfere, but also know that being disabled counts as a loss. Don't even think about tricking us by switching to something other than this Anomalocaris, or we will not bother showing up! You must prove you deserve this ship, after all.`
```

> 			`	"Furthermore we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting as allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting as allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`
```

			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Anomalocaris.)`
				accept
			label headingout
			action
				"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
				set "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
			`	Seeing as they are unlikely to cooperate you quickly head to your ship and launch before they have time to react, but it seems like you are being followed.`
				launch
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" = "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		dialog
			`The enemy ships hail you. "You have failed the challenge. We will take the ship from you when we see fit. I'll fix your ship and leave you alone for a bribe, but I suggest you land on an Unfettered world and return the ship to us, with a most generous compensation. If you try to keep it from us, we'll do things the hard way."`
			`	"Be warned, however, that your truce with us ends as soon as you land. This is not necessarily the end, <last>, you will simply have to prove yourself another way."`

> 			`	"Oh and a word of advise: maybe you should have outfitted your ship differently, or used your range advantage by moving away at full thrust, before turning back to fire on us."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh and a word of advice: maybe you should have outfitted your ship differently, or used your range advantage by moving away at full thrust, before turning back to fire on us."`
```

	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		conversation
			`When you land in one piece, Mera approaches, shocked. "You really won? It was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence, after they used their escape pods to get back here like cowards?"`
			choice
				`	"It was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, Captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next
			`	"Congratulations, I never expected you had it in you. I will give you authorization to land on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in one piece. Make sure you do not lose it until you truly earn the right to call us friends, or we will consider you a true enemy of the Unfettered. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee, totaling 650 credits per day. I hope you don't mind.`
			`	"Do keep it mind that if you lose this permit at any time and have not proven yourself another way, like by bringing us a Jump Drive, you will be treated like an outsider again."`
			choice
				`	"Thank you for your trust."`
					goto trust

> 				`	"No thanks; I don't want to pay that much just to be friends with the Unfettered."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				`	"No, thanks; I don't want to pay that much just to be friends with the Unfettered."`
```

					decline
			label first
			`As you're browsing the shipyard, you are discreetly approached by a hooded figure. When you stop to see what they want to say, they grab and pull your arm to follow them. "Keep walking," the stranger hisses. After pointing at and commenting on random ship, as if to mimic the actions of regular passerby, they address you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you. If you are interested, come find us at these coordinates." Without waiting for a response, they fold a piece of paper into your hand before quickly fading into the crowd. It lists only a location: a beach on the other side of the planet.`

> 			`	However, it also mentions you need to have at least 10 millions in cash! It may be a good idea to save up or take a debt and then come back another day to head to the location.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	However, it also mentions you need to have at least 10 million in cash! It may be a good idea to save up or take a debt and then come back another day to head to the location.`
```

					goto foolish
			`	As you try to react, the Hai closest to you firmly grabs your arm and shouts through the noise. "Wait! If this ship wanted to kill you, <last>, you would already be dead."`
			label wait

> 			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, the second one surprisingly calm but you can tell the first one was a bit tense, "This ship means you no harm," they say.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, both surprisingly at ease. "This ship means you no harm."`
```

Author: the idea is this was not planned, and one of the two is more apt than the other at managing her reaction to it

Author: ```suggestion
			`	You can barely hear anything over the sound of the engines as the ship proceeds to land on the beach. Suddenly, all is calm. They turn to you, one more at ease than the other. "This ship means you no harm."`
```
like this?

			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto explain
				`	"Why didn't you say anything before that happened?"`

> 			`	The second one speaks, "We could have, but where's the fun in that? We wanted to see how you would react.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	The second one replies, "We could have, but where's the fun in that? We wanted to see how you would react.`
```

			label explain

> 			`	"This ship is our... guarantee that nothing goes wrong, we are still not sure if we can trust you, after all," says the second one.`
> 			`	The first one speaks again, after taking you to a nearby cave to show you another ship. "We would never sell you that junk. This ship, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our Empire used to control the stars: an Anomalocaris!`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"This ship is our guarantee that nothing goes wrong. After all, we are still not sure if we can trust you," says the second one.`
			`	The first one speaks again, after taking you to a nearby cave to show you another ship. "That ship is not for sale. This ship, however, is a mighty relic of the past, intended for war from the times our empire used to control the stars: an Anomalocaris!`
```

> 			scene "ship/hai anomalocaris"

Reviewer 7: Interested in making a scene for the ship in the cave? It feels a little lazy to have no scene for the Anomalocaris if we've still got one for the Ladybug.

Author: ~~I asked enough of @RisingLeaf already I think~~
I cant do scenes so I depend on others - we could always add another scene here later, like we could in many other places of the game I think

Author: ```suggestion
			scene "thumbnail/hai anomalocaris"
```
that said isnt it better to show the thumbnail?

Reviewer 7: Yeah, I agree with you on the thumbnail. My concern is that having a scene for the Ladybug but not the Anomalocaris is unusual when the Anomalocaris is the focus of the story, not the Ladybug. If we can't get an Anomalocaris scene in, I'd suggest let's remove the Ladybug scene. Having both, neither, or just the Anomalocaris is (imo) preferred over just the Ladybug. It's quite confusing to only have a Ladybug scene if that's not the ship we're purchasing.

Author: but... its such a cool scene and the anomalocaris just is too bulky to look good in it + I *love* the ion effect on the ladybug

Author: ![emerging_anomolocris](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/94366726/00dd51fd-6f54-4728-adc8-668c126830ec)
mhhh turns out I was right for how good it looks
~~not quite the dramatic reveal I want~~

Reviewer 13: I will say that I would be interested to make a cave scene, using the amolocoris in the current scene is basically unacceptable, but I wont get to it for the next three weeks.
So my proposal would be to leave the scene as is and then add a cave scene in a later PR.

> 			`	The second one now takes a step towards you to speak, almost interrupting the first, "We have a proposition for you: should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of 10 million credits, including 2 very powerful Korath Detainers!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but is stopped by a sign of the hand. The second resumes, "You may have heard of those in legends as weapons able to almost disable any engines to give you the speed advantage. Worry not, you'll be able to recuperate the cost of this ship with ease by bringing medical supplies to the Unfettered, or by mining in the nearby systems. This cargo is needed on short notice, on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	The second one now takes a step toward you to speak, almost interrupting the first. "We have a proposition for you: should you agree to bring much needed supplies to our brethren, the Unfettered Hai, we will sell you this ship for the modest price of 10 million credits, including 2 very powerful Korath Detainers!" The first one seems surprised by this and tries to intervene, but the second resumes before they can speak up. "These legendary weapons can interfere with nearly any enemy engine system to give you a significant maneuverability advantage. Worry not, you'll be able to recuperate the cost of this ship with ease by bringing medical supplies to the Unfettered. This cargo is needed on short notice, on <destination>, and we lack the time and personnel to bring them.`
```

			`	"Of course, the ship is aged, and you should not expect the best price in a shipyard. Nevertheless, it is a fine vessel, capable of fighting, freighting, and mining. So, what do you say, <last>? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; they simply don't make ships like this anymore."`
			label choice
			choice

> 				`	"I'll take that... Anomalocaris?"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"I'll take the... Anomalocaris, was it?"`
```

					goto take

> 				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting that Ladybug?"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"If you lack crew, who was piloting the ship from the ocean?"`
```

					to display
						not "unfettered: pilot dialog"
					goto pilot

> 				`	"Why was this ship submerged?"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"Why was the security ship submerged?"`
```

					to display
						not "unfettered: ocean dialog"
					goto ocean
				`	"No thanks. I'm not looking to add another ship to my fleet."`
			`	"A shame. We will probably not meet again. Farewell," one says. They signal the ship to submerge into the ocean again and walk off along the beach.`
				goto trainback
			label pilot
			action
				set "unfettered: pilot dialog"

> 			`	"You mean what is-" says the first one, stopped by the second, "The less you know, the better for both of us, Captain."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Ah, you see-" starts the first one, but they are again interrupted by the second. "The less you know, the better for all of us, Captain."`
```

Author: idea was they say "it" revealing it's an AI if you're careful
we dont need to keep that tho but I just like the idea of the first one being clumsy

				goto choice
			label ocean
			action
				set "unfettered: ocean dialog"

> 			`	"We found it there," the first one begins, "It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all, and we were that drop. Worry not, we have restored its cuirass." the other one adds.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"We found it there," the first one answers. "It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all, and we were that drop. Worry not, we have restored its cuirass."`
```
What does `cuirass` mean in this context? Seems like an unusual word choice. I'd suggest `chassis`, `frame` or something like those.

Author: good point, it just means the hull of the ship

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"We found it there," the first one answers, "It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all, and we were that drop. Worry not, we have restored its hull." the other one adds.`
```

Reviewer 7: Sure, we can keep the alternating discussion between the first and second. Here's a writing thing tov be aware of: if the speaker (person talking) changes, you have to start a new paragraph. So it would look something like this:
```suggestion
			`	"We found it there," the first one answers.`
			`	"It is hard to find a drop of rain in a storm, but the drop of rain may see all, and we were that drop. Worry not, we have restored its hull," the other one adds.`
```

Author: I didnt do it initially bc does the world know of it?
but yeah we know of it that's true and we should use it

				goto choice
			label take
			action
				give ship "Anomalocaris" "Good Omen"
				fine 10000000
				log "Accepted a somewhat shady deal for an old Hai ship, an Anomalocaris, that seems to still be in good functioning state."
			`	They give you access to the ship and proceed to explain the details. "It is of no real significance, but surely you understand we cannot go through standard means for this sale. We will instead present it as a fine. You'll be charged for carrying Korath tech you had no idea was forbidden, and it will not go on your permanent record. These Detainers are suspicious looking indeed."`

> 			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it. I also strongly would advise against repainting it; you will understand why later."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	You quickly realize they are not asking you for your opinion at all. In fact, you receive notice of the fine before they have even finished speaking. "We will need to make some modifications to the ship before you can use it. I also would strongly advise against repainting it; you will understand why later.`
```

> 			`	"Oh, and I almost forgot: make sure you return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship! Naturally, we will expect you use it as your flagship, and you should also be using it as your only ship to not scare the Unfettered and delay this urgent delivery any more than it should be."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, I almost forgot: make sure you return to the spaceport to get the cargo loaded onto your ship. You should use this ship and this ship alone to make these urgent deliveries. Arriving in a different ship or with a supporting fleet will unnerve the Unfettered."`
```

			choice
				`	(Go back to the shipyard.)`

> 			`	They walk away far enough so that you cannot hear them, leaving you with the access codes to the ship so you can bring it to the shipyards. Surprisingly you manage to bring it all the way there without issues despite this ship being meant for more than one crew member, thanks to the aid of the navigation AI. Unfortunately it shuts down once you arrive back in the shipyard, forcing you to fill up its crew.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	They walk away far enough so that you cannot hear them, leaving you with the access codes to the ship so you can bring it to the shipyard. With the aid of a surprisingly advanced navigation AI, you manage to bring it all the way there effortlessly despite the ship's multiple crew design. When you arrive, however, the AI shuts down without explanation, and you're forced to use a full crew complement.`
```

> 			`	You remember they asked you to use this ship as flagship, and only ship, so it may be time to sell your other ships, or you could always park them later.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	You remember the mysterious pair requested you bring only the Anomalocaris. It may be time to sell your other ships, or you could always park them for later.`
```

		not "event: hai ladybug available"
	on offer
		conversation
			branch first
				not "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"

> 			`Do you want to head to the coordinates as the hooded figure suggested last time?`

Author: ```suggestion
			`Do you want to head to the coordinates as the hooded figure suggested the previous time?`
```

			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
					goto go
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
				`	(Never.)`
					decline
			label first
			`As you enter the shipyard you quickly get approached by a hooded figure. They come to address you discreetly, and, seeing you stop to listen, they take your arm and make you follow them. "Keep walking," they say, taking a look around the way someone looking for a new ship would, pointing at one with little conviction before addressing you again. "My associates and I have a lucrative business proposition for you, if you are interested go to these coordinates." They give you a piece of paper with the location, a beach on the other side of the planet, before quickly fading into the crowd. Will you go there?`
			choice
				`	(Sure.)`
				`	(Maybe another time.)`
					defer
			label go

> 			`	As you ponder how to make your way to the rendez-vous point, you notice a convenient train ticket in your pocket, with instructions on how to find your way to the destination. You proceed to take the train, and then have to walk for hours to get the rest of the way there.`

Author: I am *that* french, alright?
~~reference?~~

			branch lucky??
				random < 40
			`	You shoot the ship, but the small weapon has no chance of doing anything to the heavy armor, even in this state. The ship's speakers then activate, almost breaking your ears with their volume. "MY TURN!"`
			`	The ship then surgically shoots you down using its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles. You can still hear the two Hai speaking to each others with a surprised tone. "How did this one survive so lon..." And everything turns dark.`
				die
			label lucky??
			`	You manage to land a lucky hit on what you assume to be the ship's navigation system, because it comes down, seemingly crashing.`
			`	Except that it crashes right on you, and it seems more like a landing than an actual crash, especially considering the Hai are left mostly untouched, having taken a few leaps back right in time.`
				die
			label lucky?
			`	Probably thanks to the fact the ship's shields are down, and of its depreciated state, you manage to land a very lucky shot, going trough a layer of rust and severely damaging the reactor of the ship.`
			`	At least, it might have seemed lucky until it blew up, taking you and everyone else on this beach down with it.`
				die
	on defer

> 		set "Hai Legacy 1: deferred"

Author: it doesnt, I even suggested it should in the discord but ppl didnt agree

			`	The ship then hits your weapon, disarming you with surgical accuracy using its Bullfrog Anti-Missiles. One of the two Hai comes, seemingly disappointed. "It looks like you angered the piloting AI enough to make it override the silence protocols we had put in place. You're lucky it did not kill you, but even so you are of no use to us if you think it wise to use your firearm on a spaceship. Farewell." They turn and leave without another word, and the ship flies off.`
				decline
			label lucky??

> 			`	You manage to land a lucky hit on what you assume to be the ship's navigation system, because it comes down, seemingly crashing. You feel like you hear a robotic voice but it is hard to tell with all of the noise.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	You manage to land a lucky hit on what you assume to be the ship's navigation system, because it comes down, seemingly crashing. You feel like you hear a robotic voice cry out, but it's hard to tell with all the noise.`
```

> 			`	Except that it crashes right on you, and it seems more like a landing than an actual crash, especially considering the Hai are left mostly untouched, having taken a few leaps back right in time.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	Unfortunately, the crashes right on you, and it seems more like a landing than an actual crash, especially considering the Hai are left mostly untouched, having taken a few leaps back right in time.`
```

				die
			label lucky?

> 			`	Probably thanks to the fact the ship's shields are down, and its depreciated state, you manage to land a very lucky shot, going through a layer of rust and severely damaging the reactor of the ship. The ship's speakers fire up one last time, "MY REACTOR... NOT MY REACTOR!"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`	Probably thanks to the fact the ship's shields are down, and its depreciated state, you manage to land a very lucky shot, going through a layer of rust and severely damaging the reactor of the ship. The ship's speakers cry out, "MY REACTOR... NOT MY REACTOR!"`
```

		not "Hai Legacy 1: declined"
	to accept
		has "flagship model: Ancient Ladybug"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Going into the spaceport one could say the cargo finds you more than you found it: a worker comes to you with crates, which are already allocated in your name for this ship. All that is left to do is to bring it to <destination> for the big promised sum of <payment>.`
			choice
				`(Prepare for take off.)`

> 			`	As you head to the bridge, preparing to take of from the planet, you notice a message on the command panel, probably from the "associates".`

Author: so now it's take off and before its takeoff?

			`	Her tone suddenly changes as they raise her voice for everyone to hear. "I challenge you! The winner will earn the right to own this honorable relic and its mighty weapons!"`
			choice
				`	"What do I get if I win?"`
					goto win
				`	"Can't I just sell it to you?"`
				`	"I bought this ship. It's mine and I shall do what I please with it." (Leave.)`
					goto headingout
			`	"No, because in the eyes of my brethren that would mean I, too, did not deserve this ship. They would then challenge me for it."`
			label win
			`	"You will win the right to access our worlds for just a meager daily fee of 600 credits. In order to keep our respect, this Anomalocaris may not be destroyed or sold, until you prove yourself another way. This is a priceless artifact. Should you refuse to prove your worth, you will no longer be allowed to land here without paying a fee.`
			`	"Beware, for there are no official rules, other than the fact that you may only use this one ship. So, will you take to the skies, or are you too afraid?"`
			choice
				`	"I accept."`

> 				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. Try to take this ship from me if you can."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"I have nothing to prove to you. If you want it, you'll have to chase me down. No duel."`
```

			# this is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles
			# (but in reality with disabling a lot of ships it goes faster than that)
			`	They suddenly look at you intensively, straight in the eyes, "We sometimes will bend the rules for our friends, but that is not your case," they say with a sudden change of tone, before leaving.`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000
			`	The engineer comes back, looking a bit impatient, "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships to get the initiative. The engineer utters a word to you once they are far enough away, "I want this done by the end of the day, do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, make sure I do not regret it. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun the launching procedures, and launch as soon as you can.`
			`	(Remember to park your other ships and make sure your flagship is the Ancient Ladybug.)`
				accept
	on decline
		"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" >?= -1000
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"

> 		dialog `The enemy ships hail you, "You have failed the challenge, we will take the technology we want when you land, and have already arranged to sell you replacements for it, for this fine of <fine>."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		dialog `The enemy ships hail you, "You have failed the challenge. We will take the technology we want when you land, and have already arranged to sell you replacements for it, for this fine of <fine>."`
```

			`	"Furthermore, we can understand some may die in glorious battle, and to the victor go the spoils, so looting is allowed. Capturing, however, is off limits. Do so, and all the Unfettered will be against you."`
			# This is a "warning" for the incoming extra ship that happens because you killed/captured 10 Shield Beetles or so.
			`	He suddenly looks at you intensively, straight in the eyes. "We sometimes bend the rules for our friends, but that is not the case with you," he says with a sudden change of tone before leaving.`
				to display
					"reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" < -2000

> 			`	Mera comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun their launching procedures, so you prepare for take off as soon as you can.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Mera comes back, looking a bit impatient. "Are you going to talk all day, or are you going to fight?" The Unfettered pilots immediately head to their ships. The engineer pulls you in close once they are far enough away. "I want this done by the end of the day, so do not try my patience. You are lucky I offered this deal in the first place, as they were planning to take the relic by force. Now, quick, get to your ship!" You see the contestants have already begun their launching procedures, so you prepare for takeoff as soon as you can.`
```

				launch
	on disabled
		fail "Hai Legacy 3"
		conversation
			# This is needed because the mission isn't removed until the next time you land

> 			`The enemy ship hail you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds promptly, before we value blowing you up higher than preserving that ship!"`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			`The enemy ship hails you. "Thought you could get away from us so easily? You better bribe us and then land on our worlds quick, before we value blowing you up higher than preserving that ship!"`
```

		on kill
			fail "Hai Legacy 3"
	on visit

> 		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight, load a save and try again if you want to finish this mission."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission."
```

			variant
				"Sea Scorpion (Ionic)"
	on visit
		dialog "You have not beaten all challenging ships yet. If they have not shown up it is probably because you have cheated and brought more ships into the fight. Load an earlier save and try again if you want to finish this mission."
	to complete
		not "unfettered: refused to sell the bug"
		has "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		has "flagship model: Anomalocaris"
		or
			"old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)" > -2000
			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"
		conversation

> 			`When you land in one piece, the engineer approaches, shocked. "You really won? It was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence, after used their escape pods to get back here like cowards?"`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			`When you land in one piece, the engineer approaches, shocked. "You really won? It was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence, after they used their escape pods to get back here like cowards?"`
```

			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		conversation
			`The engineer seems shocked at first. "You really... won? It really was close until the end, was it not? Or did the captains already make stories to justify their incompetence?"`
			choice
				`	"Indeed, but it was fun."`
					goto next
				`	"What are you talking about? This was easy!"`
			`	"Don't become overconfident now, captain. I am sure you know what happens to such people.`
			label next
			`	"I must congratulate you, I never expected you had it in you. I only have one word and will give you authorization to land, on the condition that you keep this relic from our past in good condition!`
			`	"Make sure you do not lose it until you earn the right to call us friends, or we will take it very seriously. Oh, and there are taxes on the daily fee. I hope you don't mind."`
		outfit "Unfettered Landing Permit"

> 		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to beat a few Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory, for a daily cost. That is, only the Ancient Ladybug is kept intact."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		log "Managed to use an old ladybug to beat a few Lightning Bugs, earning myself a place in Unfettered territory for a daily cost, as long as the Ancient Ladybug is kept intact."
```

			choice
				`	"Thank you for your trust."`
					goto trust

> 				`	"No thanks; I don't want to pay that much to be friends with the Unfettered."`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
				`	"No thanks; I don't want to pay that much just to be friends with the Unfettered."`
```

			has "unfettered: beaten extra bugs"
	on complete
		clear "unfettered: beaten the bugs"

> 		clear "old reputation: Hai (Unfettered)"

Reviewer 4: This doesn't clear the condition if you failed the mission. Not sure if it can be declined.

Author: should be cleared in most situations I can think of now
~~honestly if an odd condition remains its not the end of the world~~
but yes, I do agree we should remove them when we can

				to display
					not "Hai Legacy 3: offered"
			`	"We will give you another ship so you can leave, but you must surrender this one," one of them explains to you in a threatening tone.`

> 			`	Another one steps forward, "In fact we will even allow you to keep the outfits, provided you give it to us on Darkcloak," they say in a somewhat diplomatic tone.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Another one steps forward, "We will even allow you to keep the outfits, provided you give it to us on Darkcloak," they say in a somewhat diplomatic tone.`
```
